working with one of the best shakespeare sources , this film manages to be creditable to it 's source , whilst still appealing to a wider audience . branagh steals the film from under fishburne 's nose , and there 's a talented cast on good form .
well ... tremors i , the original started off in 1990 and i found the movie quite enjoyable to watch . however , they proceeded to make tremors ii and iii . trust me , those movies started going downhill right after they finished the first one , i mean , ass blasters ? ? ? now , only god himself is capable of answering the question `` why in gods name would they create another one of these dumpster dives of a movie ? '' tremors iv can not be considered a bad movie , in fact it can not be even considered an epitome of a bad movie , for it lives up to more than that . as i attempted to sit though it , i noticed that my eyes started to bleed , and i hoped profusely that the little girl from the ring would crawl through the tv and kill me . did they really think that dressing the people who had stared in the other movies up as though they we 're from the wild west would make the movie ( with the exact same occurrences ) any better ? honestly , i would never suggest buying this movie , i mean , there are cheaper ways to find things that burn well .
ouch ! this one was a bit painful to sit through . it has a cute and amusing premise , but it all goes to hell from there . matthew modine is almost always pedestrian and annoying , and he does not disappoint in this one . deborah kara unger and john neville turned in surprisingly decent performances . alan bates and jennifer tilly , among others , played it way over the top . i know that 's the way the parts were written , and it 's hard to blame actors , when the script and director have them do such schlock . if you 're going to have outrageous characters , that 's ok , but you got ta have good material to make it work . it did n't here . run away screaming from this movie if at all possible .
i 've seen some crappy movies in my life , but this one must be among the very worst . definately bottom 100 material ( imo , that is ) . we follow two couples , the dodds ( billy bob thornton as lonnie earl and natasha richardson as darlene ) and the kirkendalls ( patrick swayze as roy and charlize theron as candy ) in one car on a roadtrip to reno . apparently , lonnie is n't too happy with his sex-life , so he cheats on his wife with candy , who 's despirately trying to have a baby . roy , meanwhile , is n't too sure if his sperm is ok so he 's getting it checked by a doctor . now , i had read the back of the dvd , but my girlfriend did n't , and she blurted out after about 20 minutes : 'oh yeah , she 's gon na end up pregnant but her husband ca n't have any baby 's ' . spot on , as this movie is soooo predictable . as well as boring . and annoying . meaningless . offensive . terrible . an example of how much this movie stinks . the two couples set out in their big car towards nevada , when they are stopped by 2 police-officers , as they did n't stop at a stop-sign . the guys know each other and finally bribe the two officers with a case of beer . not only is this scene pointless and not important ( or even relevant ) for the movie , it takes about 5 minutes ! it 's just talk and talk and talk , without ever going somewhere . i still have to puke thinking about the ending though . apparently , roy is n't having problems down there so he is the father of the child . how many times does that happen in the movies ... try something new ! the cheated wife ultimately forgives her husband and best friend for having the affair and they all live happily ever after . yuck . best scene of the movie is right at the end , with a couple of shots of the grand canyon . why could n't they just keep the camera on that for 90 minutes ? one would expect more from this cast ( although thornton really tries ) , but you ca n't really blame them . writers , shame on you ! 1/10 .
`` carriers '' follows the exploits of two guys and two gals in a stolen mercedes with the words road warrior on the hood hightailing it down the highway for the beach with surfboards strapped to the top of their car . brian ( chris pine of `` star trek '' ) is driving and his girlfriend bobby ( piper perabo of `` coyote ugly '' ) has shotgun , while brian 's younger brother , danny ( lou taylor pucci of `` fanboys '' ) and his friend -- not exactly girlfriend -- kate ( emily vancamp of `` the ring 2 '' ) occupy the backseat . this quartet of twentysomething characters are living in a nightmare . apparently , a viral pandemic -- which co-directors & co-scenarists alex pastor and david pastor tell us absolutely nothing about -- has devastated america . naturally , the lack of exposition shaves off at least fifteen minutes that would have slowed down this cynical melodrama about how humans degenerate in a crisis and become their own worst enemies . this lethal virus gives you the shingles and then you bleed and die . most everybody runs around wearing those white masks strapped to their nose and mouth by a thin rubber band . initially , this foursome encounters a desperate father , frank ( christopher meloni of `` runaway bride '' ) , and his cute little daughter jodie ( kiernan shipka of `` land of the lost '' ) blocking the highway with their suv . brian swerves around frank when he tries to waylay them , but in the process , the oil pan in their mercedes ruptures and they wind up on foot . reluctantly , they hitch a ride with frank after they seal jodie up in the rear of the suv . she wears a mask over her nose and mouth and it is speckled with blood . frank has heard that doctors are curing ailing people at a hospital and they head to it . sadly , somebody has lied to frank . the hospital physician is giving the last couple of kids some kool-aid that will put them out of their misery . the cure did not improve their condition . everybody else in town is dead . kate tries without success to get a dial tone on every phone . frank realizes that there is no hope for his daughter and he lets the heroic quartet appropriate his suv and take off . indeed , `` carriers '' qualifies as a relentlessly depressing movie about the effects of a pandemic on four sympathetic people who degenerate into homicidal murderers to protect themselves . they reach a country club and frolic around on a golf course until another four show up in suits and masks with pump-action shotguns . incredibly , our protagonists manage to escape without getting shot , but brian has a scare when he almost falls into the water with a floating corpse . eventually , they discover that one of them has become infected . later , as they are about to run out of gas , brian blocks the highway like frank did at the outset . danny tries to stop a pair of older christian women driving the car . danny lies that his pregnant wife is about to give birth and he needs their help . brian throws caution to the wind and blasts away at the ladies with his automatic pistol when they refuse to help them . brian catches a slug in the leg from the passenger , but he kills her . no , '' carriers '' is not a beer & pizza movie that you can either laugh off or laugh with because the humor is virtually non-existent . by the end of this 84-minute movie , our heroes have turned into villains who only care only for themselves and their plight . chris pine makes quite an impression as fun-loving brian and his energetic performance is the only reason to hang with this hokum , while the only other well-known actress , piper perabo , is relegated to an inconsequential girlfriend role . as bobby , she makes tragic the mistake of showing compassion to a dying little girl and pays an awful price . it is a testament to pine 's performance that he can change his character to the point of putting himself before others . essentially , pine has the only role that gives him the ability to pull a one-eighty from happy-go-lucky guy to heartless guy . the two directors are spanish brothers , and they never let the momentum flag . since there is no relief in sight , `` carriers '' sinks into predictability . `` irréversible '' cinematographer benoît debie does a fantastic job with his widescreen lensing and as unsavory as this road trip becomes , debie makes it look like a dynamic film . aside from the lack of a happy ending or closure in any sense of the word , `` carriers '' suffers because it is so horribly cynical . the scene when the german shepherd attacks danny conjures up the most suspense , but even it could have been improved . unfortunately , the pastor brothers do not scare up either much tension or suspense . by fade-out , you really do n't care what happens to anybody .
i had been looking forward to seeing this film for a long time , after seeing `` return to paradise , '' which i found to be gritty . i was so disappointed . the most realistic thing about it was the unpredictable ending which i think was partly stolen from `` return to paradise . '' maybe i was expecting too much . on the positive side danes , beckinsale and pullman were fantastic in their roles . although i didnt like danes 's character and first and found her very annoying . i couldnt see anything realistic about the film . it could of been done so much better , for example there could of been more emphasis on the prison conditions and the sheer horror . it was too cheery a movie to be realistic . there could also of been more action and tension the best thing about this film is the `` tragic '' ending . i couldnt of predicted that . but by that time i really didnt care what happened to them . 3/10
effect ( s ) without cause is generally not possible in the real world but in the world of hollywood remakes , not only is it possible , it 's required . the haunting has been given the computer treatment courtesy of a 1st-class cinematographer-turner-director who once showed promise ( jan de bont- speed ) but has since produced a string of big budget garbage ( twister , speed 2 ) . actor are superfluous in a movie of this type and they seem to realize it . liam neeson and cathrine zeta-jones act like they wish they were anywhere but in this film . lili taylor makes an attempt to add something to the proceedings but whatever that something might be is unknown since the script feels like half of it is missing . events just happen , good and bad ghosts show up with no rhyme or reason and then the story just ends with a most unsatisfying non-event meant to wrap up the previous 90 minutes of inanity . there really is n't even reason to see this for the effects since we all know that anything can be put on screen now . why not watch effects in the service of a good story instead of just for their own sake ?
this picture started out with good intentions , bacon the scientist out to test the theory of invisibility , and shue is cute as usual in her role . it all falls apart after that , it 's your typical hollywood thriller now , filmed on a soundstage with special effects galore , minus any kind of humour , wit or soul . in other words , do n't waste your time watching this . get the audiocassette tape with john delancie as the invisible man instead , also starring leonard nimoy . now that was good , and hg wells is well served , unlike with this mess .
i chose to see this movie because it got a good score here on imdb . but a lot of people either have really poor taste or someone 's been fixing the score . either way it was a real disappointment . the movie is exactly as stupid and far fetched as the title would suggest . there really is no reason to give a summary of the plot - but here goes : it felt like someone had been thinking : `` would n't it be cool to make a movie where there were snakes on a plane ? and then the snakes for some reason would go crazy and start biting and stuff ? ! ? '' and that 's about it ! the plot is thin and unoriginal . the snakes are bad cgi ( but it makes sense to cut corners on a movie that no one in their right mind will recommend to anyone ! ) . the acting is poor , and all people are unbelievable stereo types . to sum it up : it 's one of the worst movies i 've ever seen - stay away !
this film has to be the worst i have ever seen . the title of the film deceives the audience into thinking there maybe hope . the story line of the film is laughable at best , with the acting so poor you just have to cringe . the title 'zombie nation ' implies a hoard of zombies when in fact there are six in total . this can not be categorised as a horror film due to the introduction of cheesy 80 's music when the zombies 'attack ' . the zombies actually talk and act like human beings in the film with the only difference being the make up which looks like something out a la roux video . if you ever get the chance to buy this film then do so , then burn the copy .
i felt brain dead , i 'll tell you . this is the worst film i have ever bought . ( in my ignorance i thought this was the peter jackson film of the same name ) . the performances are so terrible they are laughable . the special effects have not stood the test of time and look dire . the script promotes that kind of tv movie , stare into the middle distance kind of acting . the cast look as if they have been taking lessons from joey tribbiani , they have one look each , and stick to it . plus i have never been confused by a movie until i sat down to watch this . the is it a dream or no plot is so terrible that frustration sets in within a few minutes . avoid like a plague .
a young scientist is trying to carry on his dead father 's work on limb regeneration.his overbearing mother has convinced him that he murdered his own father and is monitoring his progress for her own evil purposes.a young doctor uses reptilian dna he extracts from a large creature and when his arm is conveniently ripped off a few minutes later , he injects himself with his formula and grows a new murderous arm ... admittedly the special effects in `` severed ties '' are pretty good and grotesque , but the rest of the film is awful.the severed arm is behaving like a snake and kills few people.big deal.the acting is mediocre and the climax is silly.3 out of 10 .
inept , boring , and incoherent supernatural `` thriller '' in which college student cassie ( melissa sagemiller ) is the constant victim of hallucinations and nightmares after a car accident claims the life of her boyfriend sean ( casey affleck ) . i ca n't begin to tell you how bad this is ... nothing of any importance ever happens nor is there ever any sort of actual entertainment value . i did not like this cast in this particular film - they are all sadly unconvincing ( then again , their roles are no good ) . to promote this as a horror film is a joke . where are the scares ? there 's no sense or suspense - there are a few good songs but that 's about it . how on earth did this project get the green light ? writer-director steve carpenter has no discernible vision or talent that i can sense . worst of all , the conclusion really makes the whole movie pointless . the alleged `` killer cut '' that i watched is 86 minutes of pure tedium . 1/10
from the first time i saw the box cover of the movie and the stretched out photography i thought this guy , this friend of the 'scwarz ' must be like 6 foot or 6ft 2in . not 5 feet tall . not that , it 's his fault . at any rating , i turned on the movie one cool night in tucson , out on the second story-deck with a good cigar and let it roll . at that time my wife was having an affair and things were going down hill for me , so i needed a good diversion . but , as bad as the movie was ... i totally enjoyed it , with a bottle of merlot too , i might admit . truly , i have watched this movie many times . it always makes me feel good ! ! it 's not that it 'tries too hard ' to be cool or that 'it 's so close ' to hitting the mark for an action film .... it 's frantic . and then truly clueless . then frantic again . it 's the best of the best when it comes to a slow speed chase scene . wow ! ! i never felt safer in my life . warm and happy too . i was thankful that they conserved on the gasoline during the chase , due to less production in the summer months ... anywho the direction was 'uninspired ' the action and fight sequences needed to be choreographed , or re-choreographed and tightened up , the sound was off the delivery did n't hit you , it just kept on going , the other way . the 'locals ' of that village that they were in , the town rather , were 'off cue ' they also did not seem to follow what was happening very well , the would look and even 'stare ' into the camera lens . like a deer in the head lights kind of thing only some of them with a smile , a smiling deer . i feel bad because 'columbu ' i just bet has a good heart and a caring spirit for people in america as well as for his own countrymen . however `` baretta 's island '' is very lethargic and unbelievable . even still i like it a lot . my now x-wife hates it , but i love it ! the funny thing is , i am pretty discriminating when it comes to movies i like or even 'love ' . all in all , i like franco . so there it is . as a movie adding addendum to this if you like killing a few hours with truly fun to watch , straight to video-b movies or 'bad ' movies for your little library collection then , if you can find it , check out 'the big sweat ' ( 1991 ) with robert z ' dar .. you know the big guy from 'tango & cash ' . 'the big sweat ' , a bomb of a cop story with no real plot discovery and acting that is so lame , it might as well be 'on crutches ' and at the end of 'the big sweat ' i think they ran out of money , because they had a picture of the cast and just set it on fire and let it burn during the credits . -good fun . but all in all , not as good as baretta 's island ' , i gave it a ' 1 ' and an overall rating of 'awful ' for awful-good b ' movie . i 'm waiting for the sequel , maybe like 'baretta 's revenge on montazuma ' ( franco takes a mexican vacation and gets sick on the water then , declares war on the water co. ) or 'baretta 's powder war ' where as he would stake out a large drug lord in his country and chemically gene-splice and create a hybrid super bug ( insect ) that would be bred and dropped into the cocaine fields and eat the coke and upon passing it through the bug , it forms a chemical reaction that turns the coke to pure powdered sugar . then another sequel he would have to get the young people rescued from excessive sugar addiction and so on . he could get a major tooth paste company to endorse and partially fund the project with careful product placement in the feature . right ? ( * )
i find it hard to believe that anyone would put this movie in the same context as the exorcist . where the exorcist was subtle and creepy , stigmata was blunt , clumsy , and way too formulaic . this is one of the most visually beautiful films i 've seen in a while , but the imagery does not make up for the downward spiral of patronizing exposition that makes it unbearable . my interest in this movie was peaked when it was compared to the exorcist , and my visit to the official web site increased that interest . the web site had many tales of `` actual '' stigmata throughout history . however , scene by scene , the movie is so obsessed by its quest for `` genuineness '' that it becomes comical at first , then outright hard to watch toward the end . i began getting suspicious when the priest charged with investigating potential miracles walks into the beauty parlor where our would-be heroine cuts hair and , evidently , flirts with priests . the plot : a woman without faith in god begins receiving the wounds of christ ( the stigmata ) and is baffled and upset about the ordeal . a priest is sent straight from the vatican to investigate the case . is frankie possessed by satan , or a vessel for jesus christ ? the only miracle in this film is that it finally ends .
i actually saw china o'brien ii before i ever saw the original china o'brien . and i have to say that the first incarnation is actually worse . but : worse = funnier ! and funnier = better . if you 're a bad movie fan like i am , this is great material . if , however , you are looking for any sort of meaningful plot , acting ability , or movie-making skill , this is best avoided . the best part is how they filmed all the fighting sequences in stuttering fast-forward . hilariously bad . see it for a laugh , see it for mindless entertainment , but whatever you do , see it for free on tv .
i went to school with jeremy earl , that is how i heard of this movie , i do n't really know if it was in the theater 's at all . i do n't recall the name . i have seen it , it is like one of those after school specials . the acting is ok , not great . the plot was kind of weak and the lines were pretty corny . so the only comment i can give this movie is `` eh '' i borrowed the movie from jeremy , if i was in a movie rental place , this is one that i would walk past and after watching it i would n't recommend it to anyone past middle school age . i 've also noticed that many times when urban kids are portrayed , the slang is overused or just outdated . many times i think thats what makes their characters unbelievable .
i have n't seen this , & do n't plan to see this movie or any other that includes lindsay ...... unless & until `` poor little rich girl '' straightens out her life for a 2 year period beginning with her most recent arrest in july 2007 . in fact , i do n't know anyone that has gone to see any of lindsay 's recent movies . i rather imagine 2007 will be the high water mark in her movie making career , until she cleans up her act . all of the recent publicity has only hindered her movie making career , if she has any further aspirations to make any more movies up to this time , movie producers have actively sought lindsay for roles in their upcoming production . now , lindsay will probably have to go to auditions & actually compete for any role . her reputation is currently `` poison '' & quite possible could have a negative effect on box office ticket sales on any movie she is in . sooooo .... now lindsay is going to have to deal with `` not being wanted '' ..... is she going to be able to handle this ? i wonder if even jay leno will want to have lindsay back on his tv show ? all of the foregoing is merely my opinion . i have no inside information .
i have n't seen anything this bad since i walked out of the james bond movie `` moonraker '' twenty years ago . i managed to sit through the entirety of this one only because of tilda swinton , but there was nothing she could do to save this beast . as a cross between `` pi '' , `` orlando '' , and `` tron '' , this movie failed miserably in every aspect of moviemaking . the characters were cardboard and unable to evoke any kind of sympathy . the plot was wholly unbelievable . the acting was , with the exception of swinton , amateur . the computer graphics were worse than in `` tron . '' timothy leary was extremely annoying . i could go on , but what 's the point . the only good thing i can say about this film is that tilda swinton was in it . i have no idea why an actress of her caliber consented to appear in such a dud , but she most likely regrets it now . do n't waste your money or your time on this stinker . there 's nothing worth seeing here .
one would think that a film about a young person 's coming to terms with his burgeoning homosexuality would be anything but boring . think again . this production should be bottled and sold as a cure for insomnia because it 's about ten times as potent as any sleep aid on the market . it 's almost as if the film maker * considered * making a movie , but got lazy and decided instead to run a series of random ( and randomly boring ) images and go-nowhere scenes , throw in a couple of actual scenes featuring actual acting , pretend that good lighting ins't important in the film-making process , and wrap it up under the auspices of an `` arthouse '' film . this is exactly kind of crappy product that makes it easy for a lot of traditional film-makers to poo-poo the indie film movement , and which keeps the general public from more easily embracing indie films . if you 're interested in films covering this subject matter , you 'd be much better off tuning in to some of the great short films available at logo 's website or renting get real . better yet , read stone butch blues . whatever you do , skip this long-winded piece of dreck .
we 've all seen this story a hundred times . you can see each plot turn coming a mile away . the relationship between the mother and daughter is way too sweet and understanding to pass for realistic . janet mcteer 's performance is stock southern hot- ticket mother in vintage clothes . should have been made for the lifetime channel .
i should love this movie . the acting is very good and barbara stanwyck is great but the the movie has always seemed very trite to me . the movie makes working class people look low and cheap .the fact that the daughter is ashamed of her mother and that the daughter does not rise above it has always made me a bit uneasy . barbara stanwyck as the mother worships the daughter but the daughter forgoes a mothers love to find happiness with her well to do fathers family . i wonder how many others who have seen this film feel this way about it.again the acting was very very good and worth watching . i really do n't like the story line . just a personal preference .thank you
the king maker will doubtless be a success in thailand where the similar ( but superior ) 'the legend of suriyothai ' set box office records . the film directed by lek kitaparaporn after a screenplay by sean casey based on historical fact in 1547 siam has some amazingly beautiful visual elements but is disarmed by one of the corniest , pedestrian scripts and story development on film . the event the picture relates is the arrival of the portuguese soldier of fortune fernando de gamma ( gary stretch ) whose vengeance for this father 's murderer drives him to shipwrecked , captured and thrown into slavery and put on the bloc in ayutthaya in the kingdom of siam where he is purchased by the beautiful maria ( cindy burbridge ) with the consent of her father phillipe ( john rhys-davies ) , a man with a name and a past that are revealed as the story progresses . there is a plot to overthrown the king and fernando and his new siamese sidekick tong ( dom hetrakul ) , after some gratuitous cgi enhanced choreographed martial arts silliness , are first rewarded by the king to become his bodyguards , only to be imprisoned together once queen sudachan ( yoe hassadeevichit ) reveals her plot to kill the king and son to allow her lover lord chakkraphat ( oliver pupart ) to take over the rule of siam . yet of course fernando and tong escape and are condemned to fight each other to save the lives of their families ( tong 's wife and children and fernando 's now firm love affair with maria ) with the expected consequences . the acting ( with the exception of john rhys-davies ) is so weak that the film occasionally seems as though it were meant to be camp . the predominantly thai cast struggle with the poorly written dialog , making us wish they had used their native thai with subtitles . the musical score by ian livingstone sounds as though exhumed form old tv soap operas . but if it is visual splendor you 're after there is plenty of that and that alone makes the movie worth watching . it is a film that has obvious high financial backing for all the special effects and masses of cast and sets and shows its good intentions . it is just the basics that are missing . grady harp
disney goes to the well one too many times as anybody who has seen the original little mermaid will feel blatantly ripped off . celebrating the birth of their daughter melody , ariel and eric plan on introducing her to king triton . the celebration is quickly crashed by ursula 's sister , morgana who plans to use melody as a defense tool to get the king 's trident . stopping the attack , ariel and eric build a wall around the ocean while melody grows up wondering why she can not go in there . awful and terrible is what describes this direct to video sequel . little mermaid 2 gives you that feeling everything you watch seemed to have come straight other disney movies . i guess disney can only plagiarize itself ! do not tell me that the penguin and walrus does not remind you of another duo from the lion king ! other disappointing moments include the rematch between sebastien and louie , the royal chef . they terribly under played it ! the climax between morgana and everyone seemed to be another disappointment . i will not give anything away , but in 75 minutes , everything seemed incredibly cramped and too much to handle . an embarrassment to disney , little mermaid 2 is better left to rent and laugh at . then you can prepare for the rest of the other sequels disney is going to drown you in later on .
quite possibly the worst movie i 've ever seen ; i was ready to walk out after the first ten minutes . the only people laughing in the theater were the tweeners . do n't get me wrong , i love silly , stupid movies just as much as the next gal , but the whole premise , writing and humor stunk . it seemed to me that they were going for a `` napoleon dynamite '' feel - strange and random scenes which would lead to a cult audience . instead , it ended up being forced , awkward and weird . the only bright light was isla fisher and i just felt utterly awful that she ( and sissy spacek ) had signed up for this horrible thing . thank gosh i did n't pay for it .
( spoilers ) i was very curious to see this film , after having heard that it was clever and witty . i had to stop halfway because of the unbearable boredom i felt . the idea behind the film would have been acceptable : depicting the way the relationship between a man and a woman evolves , through all the problems and difficulties that two people living in a big city can experience . what made me dislike the whole film were two things . first of all , the film was so down-to-earth that it looked as if , by describing the problems that a couple must solve on a day-to-day basis , it became itself ordinary and dull . secondly , the overall sloppiness of the production , with dialogues that were barely understandable . too bad .
while some performances were good-victoria rowell , adrienne barbeau , and the two italian girlfriends come to mind-the story was lame and derivative , the emphasis on the girlfriend 's racial background was handled clumsily at best , and the relatives were mostly portrayed as stereotypes , not as real people . i found myself wincing uncomfortably at many moments that were supposed to be funny . i can hardly comprehend why the local paper here in sf said this was a good movie , and wonder who posted the glowing review here on imdb . very disappointed in this movie , and mad i actually went to a theatre to see it , based on the faulty connection to garden state , which is a far funnier , more inventive , and touching movie than this one . i must especially mention the emotional climax in the church , which was so wooden and by-the-numbers that i nearly left , and some in the audience actually did . that was followed by a silly climax at the graveyard , which i saw coming 10 minutes before it happened . i really do n't like being misled to spend my money so uselessly .
despite what a lot of other people thought about the first movie , i really liked it . this one however . how to sum it up in one word ? : this movie is ( and here comes the word ) : crap ! but let 's look at it part by part : here is the plot : finally the old queen has been removed from her castle , but her successor : snow white has problems of another sort : the court-jester , father of her son , has gone astray , as the super , spliss , goes to the extreme , to battle his gray hair and sells the royal offspring for some blond and full hair . in her desperation snow white seeks the help of bubi ( otto walkees ) , who must first find his other six dwarf companions and then try to find the royal offspring or at least try to find the name of rumpelstiltskin . the whole plot seems to have been written on a weekend , where the writers were very drunk but were just under pressure from the studio to write the screenplay . yes , there are some good jokes . even for fans of the first part , or for fans of any of the other actors , it 's really not worth buying the the dvd . believe me . the only thing , that at least kind of saves the movie from complete oblivion , are the performances of some of the actors . that 's why i gave the move 3/10 . sadly , the script is so bad that none of the actors or all of them combined can make up for the bad story . for example , at one point , they even cross over in our reality , and sadly .. they do n't do anything funny while being here . still , a lot of great actors in this movie : otto waalkes , ralf schmitz , martin schneider , nina hagen , cosma shiva hagen , ( especially funny ) : rüdiger hoffmann as the mirror , helge schneider and many more but sadly all these comedians are n't able to bring this really bad script to life . maybe it is a treat for some hardcore fans but for regular movie goers or by now dvd renters or buyers it 's not worth the money . i even regret renting the movie .
falsely accused , skirt-chasing chums john wayne ( as john scott ) and eddy chandler ( as kansas charlie ) change identities to become `` alias smith and jones '' . mr. wayne becomes `` john jones '' . mr. chandler 's is supposed to be `` rev . smith '' , but wayne calls him `` dr. smith '' . at no time are either of them as entertaining as roger davis , pete duel , jonathan harris , or ben murphy ; although , wayne can be considered infinitely more successful than any of them , career wise . pretty blonde mary kornman ( as anne ) , grown-up from her days in `` our gang '' , is a lovely interest for wayne . she and chandler have a couple of cute scenes with wayne . if you 're not a fan of low budget john wayne films of the 1930s , this movie wo n't make you one .
i am not a big fan of horror films , and have only seen a handful of them ( and none of the `` halloween '' s or `` friday the thirteenth '' s ) - but i can appreciate a frightening horror film not because of gore . and i 'm pretty sure this is n't scary . what 's so spooky about a little plastic skull that pops up everywhere ? in all of its appearances there are faraway establishing shots , so there 's no real surprise in any of this film . ( not that a skull in of itself is that scary anyway , but . . . ) the plot concerns claus von bulow 's third cousin ( john hudson ) , who marries a donna-reed look-a-like ( peggey webber , giving one of the worst performances ever ) who begins seeing skulls and hearing the mysterious screams of a group of peacocks on her husband 's mansion . did i mention that her husband lost her first wife in a mysterious drowning incident ? ooooh ! ! ! ! wonder who did it ! ! ! ! this is the same old plot about a rich boy trying to kill and/or drive their wife insane . if you want to see a well-done version of this stuff , try `` reversal of fortune '' . and btw , jeremy irons is one hundred times more talented than john hudson . the msting was okay but nothing special ; paired with the `` gumby '' short , however , it makes for good viewing . two stars for `` the screaming skull '' ; eight stars for the mst3k version . and now , to paraphrase mr . von bulow himself : `` how bad is this film ? '' `` you have no idea ! ''
it is a pity that you can not vote zero stars on imdb , because i would not have hesitated ! in fact i would go so far as to say that this film was in the negative stars . i , like many others , bought this film thinking that because it has michael madsen in it , it could be good ... no chance ! this film was shocking ! imagine a movie length 'the bold and the beautiful ' , well , primal instinct did not even come close to that good , and i had previously thought that there would be nothing worse than a movie length 'the bold and the beautiful ' . michael madsen , how could you do this to us ? the worst part is , i did n't fast forward a bit , i was hoping that at the end they would reveal that it was all some sort of sick joke , that they thought it would be funny to make us watch such a horribly bad film . where do i start ... ? directing - zero stars , screenplay - zero stars , acting - zero stars , cinematography - zero stars , digital effects - zero stars , production design - zero stars , make-up - zero stars , casting - zero stars , editing - zero stars , trailer - half a star , graphic design - half a star , dvd menu - half a star . however i think that it is very important to have seen bad films just so that you know what a really bad film is , so for that reason i am happy that i saw this film , just so that i have a bad film to put at the bottom of my list .
this was no trainspotting or guy ritchie film . it was a big wannabee . it wanted to be an edgy , nervous-laughter , urban-life affirming film , but it 's more of a camera jerky , mess . it 's a lot easier to imitate something else , than to create a real story with real characters . from the beginning , i could n't care less about the characters or what they were involved in . they were always always hitting , pissing , or crying on each other . only , there was n't any substance to what they were doing . the dialog between characters is meant to be hip , revealing , instead it comes out trite , and one scene after another is predictable . i know there are viewers out there that really liked this movie , so i could be wrong .
the movie confuses religious ethics and ideals so much that it fails to create coherent argument against the death penalty on any level . by presenting the lawful execution of a convicted murder as the catalyst for the apocalyptic end of mankind the movie elevates a parent killer to the status of martyr for christ . somehow , according to the plot , god is outraged that society has chosen to rid it 's self of a fanatic who killed his own parents by starting them on fire while they slept defenselessly in their beds . yet this same god has no indignation for the acts of the killer . the lead character , an nonreligious pregnant suicidal woman , ultimately gives her own life in a defiant but implausible attempt to unsuccessfully save this convicted killer . in other threads of the underdeveloped plot jesus comes back as a powerless and frustrated vagabond to symbolically unleash the wrath of god . the modern lackluster incarnation of christ not just dehumanizes him but mocks the messianic ideal of all religions as well . he is unable to affect humanity for good and unemotionally skates the edges of life waiting for mankind to destroy it 's self . meanwhile , with little help from jesus the mentally unstable pregnant woman finds herself with the ability to reincarnate herself into her newly born soulless child which somehow saves all of mankind from the wrath of the almighty . i also interpreted that as a statement in support of abortion on some levels . this movie which attempts to weave many religious themes into a thriller fails to make any religious point that i could clearly interpret except to mock people 's beliefs . it raises many questions that it never even attempts to answer . it disregards the religious values of its audience while attempting to portray an asinine version of their fulfillment . silly
skullduggery is a strange , strange film based on the novel `` ye shall know them '' by vercors . to unleash criticism at the film feels really unkind , since it is a movie that deals with earnest themes like humanity , and pleas for upright moral standards and tolerance . but in spite of its honourable intentions and its well-meaning tone , skullduggery simply is n't a very good film . for me , the main problem is the terribly disjointed narrative which ca n't make its mind up how best to convey its message . the first half of the movie is like watching a standard jungle expedition flick of the tarzan ilk ; later it teeters into sci-fi fable ; by the end it slips into courtroom melodramatics . the differences in tone between each section of the movie are too great , too jarring , to overlook . they stick out like a sore thumb and remind you constantly that you 're watching a muddled , disorganised movie . an archaeological expedition into the jungles of new guinea is led by adventurer douglas temple ( burt reynolds ) . one of the main archaeologists involved in the excursion is attractive lady scientist dr sybil greame ( susan clark ) . after an arduous trek they stumble upon a tribe of strange ape-like creatures . these primitive , long-lost people are covered in hair and have survived for centuries without being in any way touched or influenced by the developments of modern man . there is some evidence that they may the ancestors of early man – the `` missing link '' in the evolution of apes into humans . or perhaps a race of humans who simply look and behave differently from usual ? or even a race of animals that have begun to develop human characteristics ? the archaeologists call the tribe `` the tropi '' and are initially thrilled by the implications of their discovery . but things take a devastating turn when nasty opportunist vancruysen ( paul hubschmid ) declares his intention to exploit the tribe and their idyll on behalf of developers . he questions whether the tropi are truly `` human '' and takes his argument to the courts , where he hopes to be granted legal backing so that his own greedy ambitions can be continued . this was a very early film in reynolds ' career , and he actually unbalances this movie by acting like he 's in a comedy while the rest of the cast take it all very seriously . not that reynolds can be blamed – he has an impossible role , asked to play a charming adventurer who really belongs in a tarzan flick . his character and the film are not relevant to each other . clark fares much better as the earnest lady archaeologist , and there are nice supporting roles for british actors edward fox , alexander knox and wilfrid hyde-white . a major shortcoming in skullduggery is the lame and ineffective make-up used to give the tropi their strange hairy appearance . rather than making the actors look like believable hominoids , the stuck-on hair merely makes them look unintentionally comical . and that 's just not the right idea . we 're meant to feel great sympathy for these creatures , but that 's awfully hard when they look so unconvincing . skullduggery is a failed attempt to tell a story that could have been poignant , philosophical and stimulating . the honourable intentions are there for all to see , but the end result does n't do them justice . a worthy failure it might be but a failure nonetheless .
i ca n't say that wargames : the dead code is the worst movie i 've ever seen , as it had one or two decent moments , but i can easily say it 's the most transparent movie i 've ever seen . not once did a plot device present itself without me guessing it 10+ minutes in advance . there was no subtlety to anything the movie did , no intelligence evident at all behind the scenes . every spoken or typed line 's intent was so glaringly obvious it was impossible to `` get into '' the movie . i found myself laughing at the horribly thought out plot line , and the bumbled attempts to reclaim the audience , far more often than i found myself enjoying the movie .
by rights , there should never have been a `` first blood part ii '' . the original script for `` first blood '' had john rambo committing suicide at the end of the film , but this was changed to allow him to live , not because the producers wanted to make a sequel but because test audiences found the original ending too depressing . nevertheless , someone obviously thought that the character was too good to waste , because he ended up as the hero of two more films in the eighties , plus the recently released fourth instalment . the official title of this film was `` rambo : first blood part ii '' , but it is more commonly known simply as `` rambo '' . it starts with the title character in jail , where he is presumably expiating the crimes he committed in `` first blood '' , although this is never made too explicit . he is removed from prison by his former commanding officer , colonel trautman , for a secret mission . rambo is to return to vietnam to investigate reports that american pows are still being held captive by the communist regime . he is under strict instructions not to attempt to rescue any prisoners or to engage the enemy ; his is to be simply a fact-finding mission . what rambo does not realise is that he is being set up , not by trautman , who is portrayed as brave , honourable and incorruptible , but by the organiser of the mission , a military bureaucrat named murdock . murdock intends that the mission will prove that there are no american prisoners in vietnam , partly because that will improve relationships between the american and vietnamese governments , partly because it will make his own life easier . unfortunately for murdock , rambo discovers that not only are americans still being held prisoner , they are also being kept in hellish conditions . of course , he is far too much of a hero to leave them to their fate , and tries to rescue them . the rest of the film is more or less one long battle between rambo and a few allies ( including a beautiful vietnamese girl ) and the evil commie soldiers and their russian allies . most of the evil commies , of course , end up dead , although i was surprised to learn from your `` trivia '' section that the total death toll was as low as 67 . at times it seemed as though rambo was trying to wipe out the entire vietnamese army . the tone of this film is very different from the first . in `` first blood '' rambo was unquestionably a criminal , even though his responsibility for his crimes was lessened by severe provocation and by his mental instability . in `` rambo '' he is a bona fide all-american hero . a few years earlier the director , george pan cosmatos , had made `` the cassandra crossing '' , a biased piece of left-wing anti-american propaganda . cosmatos , however , was nothing if not versatile , and `` rambo '' proves that he could also turn his hand to biased right-wing pro-american propaganda . the one thing the two films have in common is that both are laughably bad . `` first blood '' had its faults , but it also had its virtues . its stance , that the anti-war movement was partly to blame for the problems faced by vietnam vets in readjusting to civilian life , was a controversial one , but at least the film was trying to make a statement about war , social attitudes to war , and the roots of violence in society . `` rambo '' , by contrast , has very few virtues , except that the action sequences are well enough done to please those who like that sort of thing . it is essentially a sort of jingoistic revenge fantasy for those americans who were still sore about the vietnam war . rambo re-fights the war single-handed , and this time the right side wins . take that , charlie cong ! by this point , no doubt , the film 's admirers ( and there seem to be plenty- more than 2,000 voters have already given it ten stars ) will have concluded that i am a liberal commie-loving pinko . far from it- in fact , i have always despised communism as a pernicious ideology . what i dislike about the film is not its politics but its lack of subtlety and its suggestion that the solution to all problems , including ideological disputes , is to go in with all guns blazing and to try and kill as many people as possible . it makes no attempt to understand the political complexities of south-east asia or why not everyone in the region was pro-american . for all its anti-communism , the film is the sort of moronic sledgehammer propaganda that the communists were very good at churning out themselves- except that they attributed all the world 's problems to capitalism , or imperialism , or revisionism , or whatever other ism they had taken a dislike to . compared to `` rambo '' , `` the green berets '' was a masterly piece of political analysis . 3/10
i can just about understand why some people might wish to stress this film 's link with the eighties but i really would n't say it 's an accurate depiction of most peoples ' lives in that era - even on the poorest bradford estates . it is however typical of the blunt agitprop rubbish the dear old royal court theatre was churning out at that time . plenty of 'right-on ' artistry for small , small audiences but enough well-connected backslapping to ensure future commissions for turgid playrights . ithe simple fact is that if you want to reflect upon truer common experience you 'll find millions more nodding in knowing agreement to love and live as depicted in 'gregory 's girl ' . i would be tempted to call this a 'kitchen sink ' drama but that would be doing a great disservice to the plumbing industry . however , as far as having a decent script is concerned , this film is indeed all washed up . for some reason it has accrued an odd following amongst guardian reading film-goers - i can only assume they get a visual frisson out of pretending to slum it . steer clear my friends . it is a poor film with a poor script that likes to think it is breaking boundaries by adding humorous insights into grim life on the estates . it is n't .. but it is grim . do the washing up instead .
minor spoilers ! well i just sat up late and watched this film , mainly because i enjoyed and rated some of singleton 's earlier work like `` boyz n the hood '' . however , i have to say this was a major disappointment and is everything i hate about contrived , clichéd , so-called `` message '' movies . the acting is mainly poor , ( pop stars and models do not necessarily make good actors ... take note ) , the situations hard to swallow , ( rape victim becomes overnight lesbian ? ... please ! ) , but worst of all it reinforces every screwed up stereotype you can think of . by the second half of the film it has become cartoon like in its characterisation , making you lose any shred of empathy you may have had for its one-dimensional players . not once is any valid point made about the inherent causes of racism and cultural , sexual and political ignorance . as a result it merely ends up sensationalising the results of these problems . it 's message is contradictory , resulting in a sense of confusion and a general lack of plot cohesion . as for the films conclusion i found it predictable , embarrassing , exploitative and mildly offensive . for a film called `` higher learning '' i have to say all i learned is to avoid seeing this ever again . if you want a true comment on some of the themes that this film completely fails to elaborate upon then go hire `` american history x '' .... unless you were just watching it for tyra banks then go hire a life .
the original exploitation classic-though far from enjoyable on almost any level concerning some guys who turn cats into human flesh eating monsters because the cat food they make is made with people is remade with scifi elements added . the cats ca n't get enough and when the flesh tainted food runs out the cats turn on their owners . poorly put together on almost every level this is an example of the absolute bottom of the barrel material that used to actually play movie theaters in the early 1970 's updated with alien cat and dog races battling for supremacy . director ted mikel is a hack , but is so lovable a person ( i generally like the guy thanks to his smile inducing interviews and commentary tracks ) that you can pretty much excuse the garbage he mostly turned out . mikels wanted to make films and he did n't care how they turned out so long as he was producing something . more power to him , but i wish he would n't subject us to his home movies
great cast . great acting . unpredictable story line for the first half hour or so . i was really wanting to know what was going to happen to each of these unredeeming characters , and how their seemingly disparate lives would become intertwined . but when the writers took out the glue to start connecting the players , they mistakenly used super glue and brought the movie to a standstill for the last two hours . i kept thinking it would get better , but it only got worse . do n't believe the reviews . this is a waste of time . think about it -- tom cruise made ugly -- why ? the gorgeous hunky bartender wearing braces -- why ? i know it had to do with the plot , but without them , at least there would have been one attractive cast member to remember .
there are many different versions of this one floating around , so make sure you can locate one of the unrated copies , otherwise some gore and one scene of nudity might be missing . some versions also omit most of the opening sequence and other bits here and there . the cut i saw has the on-screen title witchcraft : evil encounters and was released by shriek show , who maintain the original us release title witchery for the dvd release . it 's a nice-looking print and seems to have all of the footage , but has some cropping/aspect ratio issues . in italy , it was released as la casa 4 ( witchcraft ) . the first two la casa releases were actually the first two evil dead films ( retitled ) and the third la casa was another film by the same production company ( filmirage ) , which is best known here in america as ghosthouse . to make matters even more confusing , witchery was also released elsewhere as ghosthouse 2 . except in germany , where ghosthouse 2 is actually the ogre : demons 3 . ok , i better just shut up now . i 'm starting to confuse myself ! regardless of the title , this is a very hit-or-miss horror effort . some of it is good , some of it is n't . i actually was into this film for the first half or so , but toward the end it became a senseless mess . a large , vacant hotel located on an island about 50 miles from boston is the setting , as various people get picked off one-by-one by a german- speaking witch ( hildegard knef ) . photographer gary ( david hasselhoff ) , who wants to capture `` witch light , '' and his virginal writer girlfriend ( leslie cumming ) , who is studying witchcraft , are shacking up at the hotel without permission . along comes real estate agent jerry ( rick farnsworth ) , who 's showing off the property to potential buyers rose ( annie ross ) and freddie ( robert champagne ) brooks . also tagging along are their children ; pregnant grown daughter jane ( linda blair ) and very young son tommy ( michael manchester ) , as well as oversexed architect linda sullivan ( catherine hickland - hasselhoff 's wife at the time ) . once everyone is inside , their boat driver is killed ( hung ) and the boat disappears , so they find themselves trapped and basically at the mercy of the `` lady in black . '' so what can you expect to find here ? plenty of unpleasantries ! one of the characters has their lips sewn shut and is then hung upside down in the fireplace and accidentally slow-roasted by the rest of the cast . there 's also a crucifixion , witches eating a dead baby , a swordfish through the head , someone set on fire , a possession , a sesame street tape recorder , the virgin getting raped by some demon , a guys veins bulging and exploding thanks to voodoo doll pokes and some other stuff . from a technical standpoint , it 's a nice-looking film with pretty good cinematography , a decent score and good gore effects . the hotel/island setting is also pretty nice . blair ( particularly at the end ) and ross both seem like they 're having fun and knef is great as the evil witch . even though people like to ridicule hasselhoff these days , he 's not bad in his role , either . on the down side , despite all the gore , the film seems somewhat dull and it gets monotonous after about an hour . the supernatural themes are muddled and confusing , too . when characters are being swept into the witches lair to be tortured and killed , the filmmakers unwisely decided to superimpose the screaming actors over some silly looking red spiral vortex effect that looks supremely cheesy . and the witch lair itself is vacant and cheaply designed with unfinished lumber . and while most of the cast is at least decent , a few of the performances ( particularly the `` actress '' who plays hasselhoff 's girlfriend and the kid ) are so bad they 're constantly distracting .
this was just horrible the plot was just ok , but the rest of the was was bad . i mean come on puppet and then they even tried to make the movie digital and that made it even worse ! normally i would like low-budget movie but this was just a waste of time and almost made me want to return the set that it came on . i have about ten low-budget movie set with like 6-8 movies on them and i would have to say this is the worse movie out of all of them . also the wording is off and they use a fake plastic machetes that does n't even look like a real one , they could of used one that looked even a little close to a real one so save your time and money and do n't watch this horrorible movie .
this is the biggest piece of lamo i 've ever watched . it is excruciatingly boring i would have rather sat through a seminar on creationism than have watched this if i had known it was going to be as boring as it was . not even the 40 seconds of the hot chick in the bikini with the big ta tas redeems this of anything lower than a 1 . the reviews of this movie claiming that this movie is `` unintentionally funny '' are absurd and just plain wrong . not one thing is funny about this movie . they spend the first 50 or so minutes walking through the woods talking about stuff you would n't understand nor care about and it is just as lame when the people start dying because you do n't even know who the people are because they are so uninteresting . honestly though , i did n't watch it to the ending , but that should say something about how horrible it is . worst movie ever . immediately after ejecting this filth from my dvd player i started scraping it against the cement in front of my house , not wanting other blockbuster customers to have to fall upon the same mistake i had made as to rent this movie . then zach peed his pants . thankyou for your time .
strange ... i like all this movie crew and dark humor movies ; but did n't like this one at all ! it 's awful , horrible and surely not funny at all . pity can not do a whole movie plot , disgust either . and it was really boring . long empty moments fills the movie ; it could have been removed . it should have been in another shorter format , surely . maybe i expected too much from the crew - like saving the movie lol - . it 's also filled with overused clichés of characters and situations ... i do n't get it why people liked it ... `` poetry '' , `` hope '' ; nope 'mam , did n't see anything like that ! ^^ all in all , it 's empty and crude , pitiful and hopeless . oh darn this one ........
this is another typical unbelievable and non-sensical piece of hollywood dreck . kurt russell , as snake pliskin in a business suit , convinces me he was a better 2nd baseman . ray liotta as the psychotic cop is totally predictable and absurd . madeline stowe is her usual cardboard self , and does little to be a convincing victim . every scene in this persiflage is absolutely predictable all the way to the end when kurt clouts ray with a vase or something , knocking him down and out . kurt and madeline then do their obligatory end-of-the-movie embrace , and everybody -- - except russell and stowe , knows liotta is going to get back up and menace the couple again . he does , of course , and russell drills him 10 times with his 9mm , which was entirely unnecessary . this movie could just as well ended with the bludgeoning scene -- - except hollywood dotes on unnecessary violence , and the more they can add , or `` enhance '' , the more slobbery they get .
the tenuous connection between this film and the first grease is established right at the beginning of the film when didi conn one of four cast members repeating their roles approaches young maxwell caulfield who is a british exchange student . although in the previous film olivia newton st. john 's foreign speech pattern is not explained , it 's explained here caulfield is her cousin . what 's conn still doing in school , i guess she just likes hanging around rydell high even though now she 's a beautician . caulfield 's a smart kid , so of course the hood types led by adrian zmed have him labeled as a nerd . and that 's especially bad when zmed 's girl friend decides she likes caulfield . but being a nerd just is n't going to cut it . that 's when caulfield decides to put on a modern day zorro act . he gets a junked bicycle and puts it back together and teaches himself to ride . he gets himself a leather biker outfit with a set of goggles to hide his face . if getting michelle pheiffer is not in the cards , caulfield wo n't have any trouble making friends at any gay male leather bar the way he 's outfitted . grease 2 introduced michelle pheiffer and maxwell caulfield and started them on the successful career paths both have enjoyed . if you saw the first grease film , a much better film , than you definitely have an idea how this film will turn out . in addition to conn , eve arden , sid caesar , and dody goodman , all faculty members from the original grease return in their roles . the music score is n't remotely as good as the songs that come from the original . it 's not that grease 2 is bad , it 's just not all that great .
i think i 've seen all of the grisham movies now and generally they 're all very poor , except for the rainmaker , but this one is so bad it 's unbelievable warning spoilerish it 's one of those movies where the character does the stupid irrational things that no one would ever do . he 's a lawyer for christ 's sake . why when his children go missing does he not call the police . oh yes it 's because all the police hate lawyers so they 're just ignore him and let him be attacked . when he 's arrested for murder they just let him go free , he would be locked up in a cell pending a bail hearing . why would you drag your kids halfway across the country when you could easily protect them at home . the police do n't bother to try and find an escaped mental patient , they do n't bother to interview his daughter . as for the ridiculous ending . in summary , silly , very unrealistic and a complete waste of time . 0/10 – one of the worst films ever made .
i 've come to realise from watching euro horror , especially films made by cult luminary jess franco , that you ca n't expect a plot that makes much sense . however , franco has gone overboard with this film ; and despite a surreal atmosphere , and the film 's reputation as one of the director 's best - succubus is unfortunately is a truly awful film . i 've got to admit that i saw the american cut version , which runs at about 76 minutes ; but unless it was just the logic that was cut , i 'm sure the longer european version is just as boring . the plot has something to do with a woman marauding around ; practicing s & m and talking rubbish , and it 's all really boring . there 's no gore and the sex is dull , and most of the runtime is taken up by boring dialogue and despite the fact that this is a short film ; i had difficulty making it all the way to the end . i have to say that the locations look good and franco has done a good job of using his surreal atmosphere ; but the positive elements end there . jess franco is definitely a talented director that has made some classic trash films - but this looks like it was one he made for the money , and overall i recommend skipping it and seeing some of the director 's more interesting works .
0.5/10 . this movie has absolutely nothing good about it . the acting is among the worst i have ever seen , what is really amazing is that everyone is awful , not just a few here and there , everyone . the direction is a joke , the low budget is hopelessly evident , the score is awful , i would n't say the movie was edited , brutally chopped would be a more appropriate phrase . it combines serial killings , voodoo and tarot cards . dumb . dumb . dumb . it is not scary at all , the special effects are hopelessly lame . laughably bad throughout . the writing was appallingly bad . the cinematography is real cheap looking , and very grainy sometimes , and the camera-work is dreadful . again , what really does the movie in is how badly all the actors are . cheesy .
brief summary : this movie demeans everyone it touches . that means you . first off , let me say i 'm not a purist , and this might have been funny for a few minutes . the impersonations are not bad . but overall it 's just dull and excruciatingly not funny . a few simple jokes are repeated over and over again . it 's clear that this movies only exists to squeeze the last few dollars out of the now-trademarked laurel and hardy . the producers can not have any real regard for their place in film history , or their talents . this is what offended me the most . of course , my daughter liked it , so i 'm also a failure as a parent ; )
i just sat in the theater bored as hell , i wanted to leave halfway through the movie . the plot is simple 4 samoan guys wreck weddings . so they have to bring a dates in order to get into the wedding . yawn . the thing that peeved me off the most was the so-called crude jokes ... they were highly unfunny , clichéd and thrown in your face , to make you get into the already dull movie . the acting was below-average and i felt this movie just went on and on about nothing but a bunch of unfunny jokes and a predictable plot . all in all , one of the worse movies i 've seen of 2006 , unfunny , bad acting , just ugly . well thank god a friend shouted me . avoid .
amen to magsel . there was a lot of confusion going on . first off , how do you know which movie you are purchasing ? henry cele stars in every one of them . i bought this movie thinking it was the miniseries ... what a letdown ! ! it would have been a comedy but for the young girl being raped . david hasselhoff ( spelling ? ) is ok for popcorn tv but he was not believable in this film ( where was his english accent ? ) and what 's with the love story ? ? ? the movie was supposed to be about a young man 's rise to military power - not the slave ship captain getting jiggly with the english maiden looking for her daddy ... if i had paid more than $ 7 for this movie , i would have to call the police - because that would be a crime !
i 've just visited russian forum of our tv-channel that had showed this film . well ... 99 per cent of active russian audience is disappointed . we wanted to see more true facts of our space achievements in this film . but authors had in mind something else ... : ( we are big and beautiful country with intelligent people living here . we are proud of all our space dreams , real achievements on the one hand in this field and in science on the other hand . so i 'd like to ask authors : where is our lunohod ? and where , the hell our mir station ? ah ? i 'm quite sure , that lunohod events took place much earlier armstrong 's `` walk on moon '' . and to comment numerous technical and science mistakes - i really have no time and enough space here ! se our constructive critics in russian forum on www.1tv.ru
this film is overblown , predictable , pretentious , and hollow to its core . the settings are faithful to the era but self-conscious in their magnification by prolonged exposure . the lingering over artifacts stops the action and cloys almost as much as the empty dialogue . tom hanks seems to be sleepwalking much as bruce willis did in hart 's war . tom , you ca n't give depth to a character simply by making your face blank ! the content did not warrant the histrionic acting by paul newman . this is a dud wrapped in an atomic bomb casing .
aside from the horrendous acting and the ridiculous and ludicrous plot , this movie was n't too bad . unfortunately , that does n't leave much movie not to suck . do not waste your time on this film , even if you find yourself suffering from insomnia , as i did . watch an infomercial instead .
i do n't recall walking out of a movie theater except this once . not only that , but i was with 7 friends , and we all wanted to go . an uninteresting plot , characters made of clay , violence with no point . i did n't care when the good guys died ; i did n't care when the bad guys got it . the fantasy and magic was laid on thick as liver pudding and there was no coherency . in short , fine entertainment if you happen to be spending an eternity in hell .
may contain spoilers . i say that , but anyone savvy enough to be reading this can probably figure out every plot turn right from the start . this is not a movie that i liked . i did n't hate it in the way of some movies that insult your intelligence , but it all felt too predictable on its trudge to the requisite happy ending . there were funny bits along the way to be sure , but few were original . at least it did n't go for the gutter . christina applegate looks fresh , and ben affleck works hard . their scenes together are actually the only redeeming feature . everyone else is a cardboard cutout , including , surprisingly , james gandolfini , who must have made this as a favor to someone . all in all , it 's a harmless , but not inspiring , 90 minutes .
worst movie on earth . i do n't even know where to begin but i hope i can save another person from punishing themselves with this movie . when it comes to acting and lighting , this movie is similar to a bad porno without the sex . the actors are some of the worst i 've ever seen , and could n't have been worse even if they were trying to make a complete mockery of this movie . the movie must have had a record breaking low budget which i 'm sure was wasted almost solely on the movie 's cover . this movie has now become a running joke with friends of mine and has become the standard for comparing other garbage movies . i would like to point of that no other movie even begins to compare . i feel personally responsible for suggesting a friend and me watch this movie and am surprised she still considers me a friend after the torment i put us through . do n't see this movie !
home alone 3 is one of my least favourite movies . it 's the cream of the crop , or s * * * if you tend to be more cynical , as it ranks up ( or down ) there with stuff like battlefield earth and flinstones : viva rock vegas . in fact , it could even be worse than those two , since those two at least intermittently made me laugh at their stupidity . this just made me cringe in pain constantly and clap when the credits started rolling . no other movie has made me cringe in pain . now i will point out exactly why this movie is so incredibly atrocious . first off , the plot is ridiculous . it revolves around a chip in a remote control car ( ? ! ) that is misplaced and how these terrorists want it . dumb stuff . the action that ensues is similar to that of the other two home alones , with boobytraps and all , but watching these boobytraps being executed is , rather than being funny , incredibly unpleasant to watch . i did n't laugh ( or even so much as smile ) once , rather , i cringed constantly and hoped that the terrorists would nail the kid . the bird , rather than providing comic relief , was unfunny and annoying . the acting , as done by a bunch of no names , ranges from poor to atrocious . there is not a single good performance here . alex d.linz is absolutely unlikeable and unfunny as the kid , while the terrorists act ( and judging by their movie credits , look ) as they 've been hastily picked off the street ... and well , that 's it . i can see some people saying : `` man , it 's for the kids . do n't dis it , man . '' well man , kids may like this , but they can get a hell of a lot better . see monsters inc. and toy story before even considering getting this out . hell , even scooby doo and garfield ( which suck - see those reviews for more ) are better than this ! so in short , this is an irredeemably atrocious movie . this was clearly recycled for the money , as it almost completely rips off the first two ; the only thing is , it completely insults the first two as well . no human , kid or otherwise , should find any reason to see home alone 3 . ever . it 's that bad . 0/5 stars
it 's hard to believe that this is a sequel to henry fool . hard to believe that the same director and actors were involved in both movies . while henry fool is refreshing , witty , comical , fay grim is slow , boring , and does n't go anywhere . where has the wit gone ? i am baffled . it is 10 years since i saw henry fool and many of its dialogs and scenes are still vivid in my memory . fay grim is painful to watch . this is no fault of the actors , who are good ( parker posey ) or great ( jeff goldblum ) -- the blame lies entirely with the plot , the dialog , and even some of the filming ( low budget is no excuse ) . a huge disappointment . sorry i could n't pay attention to the plot , i was so bored , so disappointed ... if you enjoyed this one you might not enjoy henry fool so much ... the two movies have absolutely nothing to do with each other ... there is no continuity in the characters ' personalities ... it 's all a fraud to entice fans of henry fool to watch the sequel . i 'm switching this off now -- henry in some sort of jail with a taliban ? ! ? !
absolutely one of the worst movies of the year . the plot is ridiculous , the characters poorly developed , and the premise irritatingly stupid . it all begins when michael keaton , fresh off of doing nothing noteworthy since batman , loses his beautiful author wife , anna , to a car accident , possibly caused by her driving one of those convertible vw bugs even though she 's supposed to be rich . in his grief , batman moves to a new apartment and takes up a hobby : recording nothing and then watching it . he learned this from a really fat pathetic guy who got murdered by three tall shadowy fellows who lived in his tv . pretty soon , he starts to see dead people , thanks to evp , or electronic voice phenomenon , which is evidently this deal wherein dead people can send messages to living people through tape recorders , video cameras , dead cell phones ( `` anna cell calling ? but she 's ... dead ! ... must be ghosts . mhmmm . no other possible explanation . i 'd better start messing around with this indiscriminately . '' ) etc . why they ca n't just write something down on a piece of paper or knock over some stuff to form creative pictograms is never explained . anyway , eventually batman discovers that he 's actually seeing the future , and he decides to go help this woman he does n't know . he gets out of his house just in the nick of time , because the tall dark guys enter just after he leaves ( `` d * mn it ! can travel between the living and dead using electronics , but i 'll be d * mned if we can be on time ! am i right guys ? ( they nod in bemused agreement ) . '' ) . he tracks this lady to a warehouse and finds out that this character from the first ten minutes of the movie ( look hard , or you 'll miss him ! ) is actually a serial killer working for three tall shadowy demons , who in raiders of the lost ark style swoop down and kill him , looking like the cartoons that they are . just then some detectives show up and save the lady . after batman 's funeral , he decides to send a message from beyond the grave apologizing to his son for being an idiot , evidently feeling that the best way to protect his kid from the horrors of evp is to expose him to it . the little kid just smiles . nothing phases that dude , not even when his dad , batman of course , starts talking to tv 's . the high-point of the movie was when someone 's phone rang and some guy yelled out , `` it 's anna ! ''
you 'll notice that the chemist , who appears in two scenes and gets to speak , is played by stephen king . `` do n't give up your day job '' is the standard thing to say , but that 's not fair . king acquits himself reasonably well : he 's no worse than any other member of the cast , and better than most . the story , on the other hand , is pure rubbish . please , give up your day job . never have i seen so many dreadful performances - of which the lead actor 's ( the lead actor 's ! ) is probably the worst - gathered together in the one film . everyone acts hammily , but not in any entertaining way ; they all somehow manage to go over-the-top without expending , or manifesting , energy . i blame screenwriter/director tom holland . it ca n't be that all the actors are really this bad . what are the odds against that ? admittedly , i 've never heard of any of them before , but still , i do n't think i could walk into a talent agency and walk out with this many bad performers if i tried : one actor , despite my best efforts , would turn out to have talent . so what 's more likely - that tom holland rolled a dozen consecutive snake-eyes , or that he wrote a lousy script and then directed it poorly ? that would also explain why actors are bad in direct proportion to their prominence in the script . the more direction an actor got , the worse he performed . ( `` you want me to bend over like a hunchback , talk from the back of my throat , show all my teeth , and look bored , all at the same time ? okay ... '' ) this theory is confirmed by the fact that holland undeniably managed to co-write a lousy script . several writers here have commented on the fact that billy halleck is not a likeable character , but that 's a misleading way of putting it . he 's not a knowable character . all we find out about him before the supernatural stuff starts happening is that he 's fat , and that all he can think about is food . ( `` all i can think about is food , '' he tells us , helpfully . ) and in the end ... ( sigh ) i suppose i ought insert a spoiler warning here ... in the end he becomes evil . why ? i can only shrug . perhaps he 's under some kind of enchantment . yeah , that 's probably it . by `` evil '' perhaps i mean `` inexplicable '' - it 's not so much badness as a socially undesirable suspension of ordinary means-end psychology . anyway , his actions at the end make no sense , nobody 's actions make much sense , and this is despite the fact that the characters do little but explain their motivation for the benefit of the audience . by the way , here 's my nominee for hammiest line/delivery : `` i do n't think you 'd like it . in fact ... '' [ big dramatic pause ] `` ... i do n't think you 'd like it at all . ''
twenty years ago , the five years old boy michael hawthorne witnessed his father killing his mother with an axe in an empty road and committing suicide later . on the present days , michael ( gordon currie ) invites his girlfriend peg ( stacy grant ) and his best friends chris ( myc agnew ) , jennifer ( emmanuelle vaugier ) , lisa ann ( kelly benson ) , ned ( brendon beiser ) , mitch maldive ( phillip rhys ) and trish ( rachel hayward ) to spend the halloween in the country with his grandparents in their farm . he asks his friends to wear costumes that would represent their greatest innermost fear , and together with his indian friend crow ( byron chief moon ) , they would perform an ancient indian celebration using the carved wooden dummy morty ( jon fedele ) that would eliminate their fears forever . the greatest fear of michael is to become a serial killer like his father , but something goes wrong and morty turns into his father , killing his friends . `` the fear : resurrection '' is a disappointing and pointless slash movie that uses the interesting concept of eliminating the greatest innermost fear of each friend before it grows , but in a messy screenplay full of clichés . there are some exaggerated performances , like for example ms. betsy palmer ; others very weak , but in general the acting is good . unfortunately there is no explanation why the dummy is brought to live ; further , in spite of being surrounded by close friends , the group does not feel pain or sorrow when each one of them dies . the low-pace along more than fifty minutes could have been used to built a better dramatic situation . in the very end , michael shows a charm that his father was interested that i have not noticed along the story . i do not know whether the previous reference was edited in the dvd released in brazil with 87 minutes running time . the special effects are very reasonable for a b-movie . my vote is four . title ( brazil ) : `` fear 2 : uma noite de halloween '' ( `` fear 2 : one night of halloween '' )
i watched this movie last night and already i am struggling to recollect very much about it . the story is about a group of criminals who escape from a space penal colony . they fly to the moon in a space-age dustbin carrier ; when there , they terrorise the dustbin men who work on the moonbase . it strikes me that rubbish low-budget sci-fi films often involve either desert planets or , like this movie , criminals escaping from penal colonies . why this is i have no idea . but i can say with some certainty that such films are always diabolical . this one is really no exception . it begins reasonably well with a decent credit sequence and a half-way alright dance music soundtrack . it then degenerates into a boring sci-fi thriller . so little of consequence actually happens in this movie that i am literally struggling to write a helpful review , so if you 're reading this i apologise for not being able to enlighten you to the film 's subtleties and nuances . for the record , i recall a tedious bunch of baddies , a tedious bunch of goodies , some nuclear warheads and a hologram of a naked woman . other than that , i 'm struggling . if you feel you could be interested in the activities of lunar dustbin men then i would not hesitate to recommend this film . i would also recommend it to those of you who wish to send their friends to sleep and steal their wallets .
this was truly dreadful ! it had a terrible storyline , was poorly acted , and was like an amateur remake of evil dead but not nearly as good . it took all my tenacity to make it through this one , it 's a good job i did n't have to visit the toilet else i doubt i would have come back ! this one makes hammer house of horror look like a big screen hollywood epic . the only value to this movie was the never ending supply of beautiful women . not a bad one among them ! if you want to letch with your friends after a night on the beer then this one 's for you ... else avoid it like the plague !
the film is bad . there is no other way to say it . the story is weak and outdated , especially for this country . i do n't think most people know what a `` walker '' is or will really care . i felt as if i was watching a movie from the 70 's . the subject was just not believable for the year 2007 , even being set in dc . i think this rang true for everyone else who watched it too as the applause were low and quick at the end . most did n't stay for the q & a either . i do n't think schrader really thought the film out ahead of time . many of the scenes seemed to be cut short as if they were never finished or he just did n't know how to finish them . he jumped from one scene to the next and you had to try and figure out or guess what was going on . i really did n't get woody 's ( carter ) private life or boyfriend either . what were all the `` artistic '' male bondage and torture pictures ( from iraq prisons ) about ? what was he thinking ? i think it was his very poor attempt at trying to create this dark private subculture life for woody 's character ( car ) . it did n't work . it did n't even seem to make sense really . the only good thing about this film was woody harrelson . he played his character ( car ) flawlessly . you really did get a great sense of what a `` walker '' may have been like ( say twenty years ago ) . he was great and most likely will never get recognized for it . as for lauren , lily and kristin ... boring . do n't see it ! it is painful ! unless you are a true harrelson fan .
nightmare weekend is proof positive that some people are so desperate to be 'in the movies ' they are prepared to do almost anything . i 'm not referring to the countless women who seem quite happy to appear completely starkers in this dreadful piece of trash ( after all , the naked female form is a beautiful thing and nothing to be ashamed of ) . no ... i 'm talking about those who are more than willing to co-star with a badly made hand-puppet called george . now that is embarrassing ! ! ! a bio-electronic being created by brilliant scientist edward brake ( wellington meffert ) , george ( who looks like a demented felt clown with green wool for hair ) is the artificially intelligent interface for an advanced computer system that operates a revolutionary device ( a silver sphere about the size of a golf ball ) that , when ingested , can reverse character disorders . edward 's personality altering experiments have been successful on lab animals , but the cautious scientist is reluctant to carry out tests on human subjects , fearing that there may still be side effects . his evil assistant julie ( debbie laster ) , however , has no such qualms , and proceeds to use three beautiful young women as guinea pigs . inevitably , they all turn into hideous killer mutants . with bargain basement special effects , a cast totally devoid of talent , and a plot that is almost impossible to follow ( i took notes as i watched the film , and even then i am not entirely convinced that my synopsis is accurate ) , nightmare weekend is a complete and utter disaster that not even several soft-core sex scenes and a touch of gore can rescue . this film also features one of the most irritating characters i have ever seen in a horror movie : tony ( bruce morton ) , a walkman wearing idiot who bops away to crap 80s music in a manner that makes me look like justin timberlake in comparison .
here 's why the jane show wo n't work . once again canadian bonehead producers and writers ca n't create a sitcom without putting some kind of different spin on it . i guess these people do n't watch a lot of t.v . from the u.s. which has the sitcom model down pat . no , here we have to do something different , we have to make the a story absolutely absurd and then have a meaningful b story to try to make up for it . the characters are two dimensional and the story lines are way over the top : forklift races ? ? ? give me freaking break . here 's a little advice for the writers of the show , do n't write funny situations , find the funny in situations . and remember , you have to be born with a sense of humor to write truly funny stuff , not just be an improv monkey .
... okay , maybe not all of it . lured by the false promise of bikini-clad women on the movie 's cover ... but the horror ... the horror ... ... whatever you do , do not watch this movie . gouge out your eyes , repeatedly bash your skull in ... do what it takes . never again -- never forget !
a truly unpleasant film . while rick baker 's special effects are quite impressive ( if stomach-turning ) , it has no other redeeming features . like many 70s movies , it leaves you feeling as if you need to take a long shower , and scrub the slime off of yourself . the characters are uniformly unpleasant , and plot makes no sense .
i was a huge fan of the original cartoon series , and was looking forward to finally seeing gadget on the big screen -- but i never in my wildest dreams expected something so extremely extremely terrible . the pace was way too fast , there was no plot , and 'wowser ! ' - what the hell is that ? ? it was 'wowsers ! ! ' .
this movie is so bad , i knew how it ends right after this little girl killed the first person . very bad acting very bad plot very bad movie do yourself a favour and do n't watch it 1/10
the premise is amazing and the some of the acting , notably sally kellerman and anthony rapp , is charming ... but this film is near unwatchable . the music sounds as if it comes from some sort of the royalty free online site and the lyrics as if they were written with a rhyming dictionary open on the lap . most of the singing is off-key . i think they may have filmed with the singing accapella and put in the music under it ... the dialogue is really stupid and trite . the movie works best when it is actually talking about the real estate but unfortunately it strays to often into stupid farcical sub-plots . i found myself checking my watch after ther first twenty minutes and after 40 wondering 'when is it ever going to end . '
wow . i do n't even really remember that much about this movie , except that it stunk . the plot 's basically ; a girl 's parents neglect her , so this sicko pokemon pretends to be her dad . am i the only one disturbed by that ? then , this weirdo pokemon kidnaps ash 's mom to pretend to be the girl 's . i do n't care if he was trying to make the girl happy , that 's just gross . there was no real plot . the girl was just a whiny brat who wanted things her own way . she played with unowns , was the `` daughter '' of entei and apparently could grow and shrink in age on a whim with the help of her `` dad '' . that 's pretty much all i can remember , but i think you can take it as a hint , and not see it . ( or if you do see it , do n't expect much . ) 1 out of 10 . seriously . if you want a pokemon movie , rent `` pokemon ; the first movie '' .
the pallbearer is a disappointment and at times extremely boring with a love story that just does n't work partly with the casting of gwyneth paltrow ( julie ) . gwyneth paltrow walks through the entire film with a confused look on her face and its hard to tell what david schwimmer even sees in her . however the pallbearer at times is funny particularly the church scene and the group scenes with his friends are a laugh but that 's basically it . watch the pallbearer for those scenes only and fast forward the rest . trust me you are n't missing much .
some funny bits , but come bill ! a film ? quoting zeitgeist ? keep the tv show and the interviews , but a film ? i 'm probably overreacting but what a unnecessary provoking film ... i do n't know . i laughed , disagreed , agreed ... this film is very confusing and inconsistent . bill 's a funny guy ... but also very cocky ... bill 's rhetoric is similar to bill hicks , a brilliant comedian . but like many comedians , the borderline between comedy and preaching can be annoying . i think that the major problem in this film is his lack of sensibility . this might be just a personal taste , but comedy that constantly demeans somebody can not be taken as truth . bill is obviously emotionally reactive to religious fundamentalism . i agree with bill that religious fanaticism is not sensible , but the response to it can not be sensible . it will create unnecessary turmoil . we can do better than just react to fundamentalism . his conclusion is that `` we do n't know '' and he fervently tries to convince the spectator that nobody knows anything , to the point that the agnostic community has been concerned with his lack of serious research in comparative religion . his humility that he only knows that he does n't , is a contradiction as he tries to insist that all religious thought is non-sense . i had great trouble seeing bits of zeitgeist , the movie in bill 's film . all the astrotheology-influenced non-sense that simplifies all religions as the same is simply disappointing . zeitgeist has provoked a lot of controversy and has messed up the validity of so much of the valuable religion studies scholarship . it is very sad how wrong facts have been tossed around with no reliable scholarly sources . astro-mystic sources that reduce everything to `` the stars say it all '' seem to be from the middle ages . this film is a confusing statement from a confused `` agnostic '' . agnosticism is far more complex and philosophically academic than defending every single issue as `` we do n't know '' . this film is an obvious proof of how postmodernism has been able to oversimplify and generalize major issues in human history . watch the film ( it has hilarious interviews and bits ) but please do not behave like bill . you can not expect anybody to have a mature conversation if you are making sardonic comments in every other line . his arguing techniques are demeaning and insulting , provoking emotional reactions rather than rational and logical argumentation .. there needs to be a more mature way of dealing with these issues .
that 's not just my considered verdict on this film , but also on the bulk of what has been written about it . now do n't get me wrong here either , i 'm not a total philistine , i did n't hate the movie because it was n't enough like 'police academy 9 ' or whatever , i enjoy more than my fair share of high brow or arty stuff , i swear . 'magnolia ' is poor , and i am honestly mystified as to why it is seemingly so acclaimed . long winded , self indulgent , rambling nonsense from start to finish , there is just so little that could credibly be what people so love about the movie . there 's some high calibre actors fair enough , and none turns in an average or worse performance . furthermore , my wife ( a self confessed tom cruise hater ) tells me it 's his career best performance by far . but the plot is so completely unengaging , meandering between the stories of several loosely connected characters at such a snail 's pace that even when significant life changing events are depicted they seem so pointless and uninteresting you find yourself crying out for someone to get blown up or something . it does n't help that none of the characters are very easy to identify or empathise with ( well i did n't think so , but i do n't like most people admittedly ) . they all play out their rather unentertaining life stories at great length , demonstrating their character flaws and emotions in ever-so intricate detail and playing out their deep and meaningful relationships to the nth degree with many a waffling soliloquy en route . yadda yadda yadda . the soundtrack 's dire as well , with that marrow-suckingly irritating quality that i had hitherto thought unique to the music of alanis morisette . all in all , it was about as enjoyable a three hours as being forced to repeatedly watch an episode of 'friends ' whilst being intermittently poked in the ribs by a disgruntled nanny goat . the bit with the frogs is good though .
this movie commits what i would call an emotional rape on the viewer . the movie supposedly caused quite a stir among the critics in cannes , but for me the final scene was just a pathetic attempt for a newbie director to get himself noticed . hardly a voice in the discussion on the issue of violence , drug abuse or juvenile delinquency ( or any other issue , for that matter ) . the main character 's metamorphosis from good , but troubled boy to the vicious rapist is virtually nonexistent , whereas the rape scene ( being an over-dragged , exaggerated version of the rape scene from `` a clockwork orange '' ) is unbearable and i refuse to comment on its aesthetic values . there are some things an artist should not do to try and achieve his/her goal . at least in my opinion . to wrap it up : shockingly brutal , revolting and not worth your time . see `` a clockwork orange '' or `` le pianiste '' instead .
i honestly have to say that i could not stop watching this movie from the second that it started . simply for how bad it was ! ! ! it 's kinda like watching paint dry only a lot more confusing . i mean you sit there and just wait for something to happen , anything in fact , preferably something that makes the whole film make sense ! at the end of the film i actually sat there wondering if there was any chance at all that i may have missed the first hour that explained everything or whether i may have inadvertently passed out during the film and missed the parts that glued the plot ( if there was in fact one ) together ! the main thing that really confused me about this movie , is nearly at the end the main girl ( if there was indeed a main girl ) was in some sort of alternate reality , i mean what the hell was going on at this point ? ! all of a sudden she awoke and was in a mental institute , chained to a bed being drugged by doctors or something , then quicker than it would have taken me to slit my wrists , it flipped back and she was getting eaten out by some random vampire ! it made no sodding sense ! i 'm tempted to email the makers and demand my time back , i mean i wasted 2 hours of my life watching this rubbish ! i am kinda interested to know if the filmmakers themselves actually knew what it was all about ! just seemed someone had edited out all the bits that could have made it make sense though i think the film would have had to have been 4hrs long to make that happen ! i side completely with the other person who wrote the other review , i was duped royally with this film by its title , and that alone . i 'm just so sodding grateful i did n't actually buy the film , no matter how many times iv seen it in the local pound shop . you would have thought that would have given me a clue that the film was a complete pile of steaming movie rubbish but to be honest i think £1 was way too much money to spend on this film ! ! ! ! what a sodding huge waste of time and a good razor blade , i mean i wish i od'ed , its less painful than watching this film ! ! ! !
i never understood why some people dislike bollywood films : they 've got charismatic actors , great dance numbers , and heightened emotion -- what 's not to like ? what i did n't realize was that i had only seen the upper-crust of bollywood . then i watched `` garam masala '' . i could tell from the first scene that this was not a movie i was going to like ( the film opens with a montage of the two leads driving around a city and apparently happening serendipitously on a series of photo setups populated with gyrating models ) , but i kept hoping things would improve . sadly , they did n't . the main problem is that the two protagonists , mac & sam , are completely unsympathetic . they spend the entire movie lying to women -- and lying brutally- -in order to get them into bed , and the audience is supposed to find this funny , and be charmed . the boys are unscrupulous and inept , and not in a lovable way . mac even goes so far as to have one of the women drugged in order to keep her from discovering his cheating . the script is extremely poor , with repetitive scenes , setups that never lead to anything , and illogical actions and statements by the characters . in fact , the characters are never really developed at all . the males are boorish , greedy jerks , and the women merely interchangeably beautiful . if you go by this movie , you would think that `` air hostesses '' are pretty easy to pass from man to man . in reality , betrayal is not so humorous . the only bright spots i found in the movie were one dance number that had brilliant sets , and a few slapsticky moments involving the french-farce , door-slamming aspects of the story . but bollywood dancing is better enjoyed in movies choreographed by farah khan , and for slapstick you might as well just go straight to the silent comedies of buster keaton and harold lloyd , who seem to have influenced writer/director priyadarshan not a little . priyadarshan also takes false credit for inventing the story : the basic premise of the plot is stolen from the 1960 play `` boeing boeing . '' the original author of that work , marc camoletti , is credited nowhere . at least priyadarshan changed the title for this remake , rather than brazenly using the original without giving credit , as he did in his 1985 version of this same tale . ( according to imdb 's credits list . )
you can never have seen either film and still know that the jerk too is a disaster . the question is not , `` how did it get made , '' because if you throw money at anyone and tell them to make a film , they will do so . no . the question is `` why , oh why , did steve martin allow it to be made ? '' i think he needed the money to fight a nuisance lawsuit and was determined it not cost him anything . he knew the sequel was going to be so frightful , that out of pride , he would n't even count it 's royalties as income . the only way this sequel could not be an embarrassment is to have had carl gottlieb and steve martin revive the nation 's favorite poor black family . and `` dcreasy2001 '' ( aka mark blankfield ? ) : it 's just transparently obvious that you worked on this film in some sad capacity , and the only way you can feel better about your involvement is to be the sequel 's lone cheerleader as an imdb user comment . i was praying for you to veer over into satire , but alas , you were really making an effort at spin . why not 10 stars ?
demi moore 's character in the movie was selected for the seals because of her looks . that was a bad start and the movie went down from there . the plot was totally unbelievable . the will to make it in a tough military unit is not enough . this movie did not convince me of a woman 's physical ability to perform the types of tasks required . trying to pretend that women and men are basically the same is an insult to everyone 's intelligence . the differences between the sexes are what makes life interesting .
let 's be honest shall we ? al gore no more truly cares about the environment than most folks care about contacting foot fungus . it 's a hook ! make no mistake , al gore is a politician ! three years ago he was busted/ticketed in his home state doing 70 mph in a 55 mph zone driving not a hybrid , a yugo , or even a gm metro but a lincoln ( go google it if you like ) ! or how about the fact that mr. gore & his hollywood buddies continue to use a private fuel-guzzling jets to attend the premiers of `` an inconvenient truth . '' so much for conservation huh , al ? anyway , it takes a mere minute to subjectively look at `` an inconvenient truth '' & discover the main fundamental flaw . while the film parades out many seemingly impressive scientists to tell the audience the effects of supposed `` global warming '' there is not one scientist to tell us the supposed cause of it . for example : i can take a hundred folks out to a parking lot & they can point out an automobile which is not running right . but can they tell you with any degree of certainty why ? generally not ! a second flaw , just how accurate were the weather instruments 100 years ago ( the toilet was n't even invented yet ) ? what did they have , a june bug in a match box ? hell , even 50-60 years ago ? therefore , how do we know with any degree of certainty that the planet is `` getting warmer '' when the records of yesteryear are highly questionable at best ? or that man is the sole cause of it ? the answer is we do n't & science is never a consensus . thirty years ago , time magazine did a cover proclaiming a `` new ice age '' . the truth is that any 6th grade science teacher well versed in earth science will tell you that volcanic erruptions , solar activity & el ninos have more to do with our eradicate changes in climate conditions than supposed `` global warming . '' finally , what al gore fails to adequately address is ; even if america decides to follow the global gospel according to al & implement everything he recommends , how are we going to get the rest of the world to follow suit when we ca n't even get them to agree on something so obvious as terrorism ? answer : it 's wishful thinking , mr. gore & you being a former vp of the usa know it ! if the folks who produced `` an inconvenient truth '' were really honest , they would have titled their film `` al gore wants attention . '' but what i 'd really like is for someone to ask the former vp this ; why were two of the planet 's biggest polluters ( aka china & india ) exempt from abiding by the kyoto accords ? anyway , i hear the producers of a.i.t are working on their next film entitled `` gnomes , fairies & elves : our endangered friends . ''
run away from this movie . even by b-movie standards this movie is dreadful . it is also insidious in it 's theme . the main theme is that people who reject society and have no respect for anything are cool and worth admiring . people who treat others with respect are losers . guncrazy is a movie that speaks for the disenfranchised a lot better than this movie , see it instead . no normal kid would do what trent does . state troopers do not work as they do in this film etc . seeing this movie makes you realize why writers use the hooker-with-a-heart-of-gold cliche . mija is a completely unsympathetic hooker , who yes , has had a terrible life . however , she is such a terrible person the audience can not identify with her . usually there is one thing a movie can be recommended for , in this case there is none . it is such a ridiculous movie it insults the person who tries to identify with the main characters . the acting is adequate by b-movie standards and the direction presents nothing new or interesting .
if you do n't mind having your emotions toyed with , then you wo n't mind this movie . on the other hand , if you enjoy british crime mysteries , following clues and seeing how they all logically fall into place at the end , you 'll be very disappointed . here are some of the logical inconsistencies that lead to that disappointment : * while the police utilize the cctv cameras early on to gather clues about the mystery , the huge truck that stopped and blocked the children 's view just before her disappearance does n't get caught on camera . this is a critical piece of the mystery . it 's inconsistent to have the car the children were in caught on camera and not the big truck that is so critical to the mystery . * the movie goes to great lengths to show the sophistication of the equipment in tracking down the children 's movements but misses the opportunity to utilize the same sophisticated equipment is tracking down vehicles that may have entered the crime scene from camera-visible locations adjacent to the crime scene as part of developing clues . * in england , driving is on the left . the director goes out of his way to have the car at the crime scene park on the right , several meters away from the flower kiosk , when it could have easily parked immediately behind , or even on the side ; as the huge truck did . * the police forensics team is so meticulous as to find a discarded cell phone in a sewer drain several miles from the scene of the crime , but ca n't find any blood evidence from the head injury right at the crime scene , even though they secured the scene just hours after the disappearance and with no intervening rainfall . * search dogs were not used at all to find the missing children ; this from the country that is well known for developing the hound dog for search and hunting . * it is illogical that such a highly publicized news story would not turn up the presumably innocent truck driver that stopped at the flower kiosk . * it is illogical that the mother would go to such extremes and expend so much effort to leave carpet fiber clues under her fingernails for her eventual murder investigators –even coaxing her daughter to do the same -- while she simply could not have crawled out of the unguarded mobile home . if she had enough sense about her to ask her daughter to get carpet fibers under her nails , she could of just as easily asked her daughter to call out for help or even leave the mobile home that was in a crowded residential park . * the suspect that abducted the little girl was portrayed as mentally slow/dimwitted -- justifying his unknowingly drowning of the mother— but , he was smart enough not to cooperate with the police and also fully exercise his rights not to self-incriminate . there are more inconsistencies like this that will lead to a true sleuth aficionado 's disappointment . 'five days ' is a very weak british crime story .
prom night 2 is an ok horror movie but prom night is way better and this movies about how the prom queen mary lou in 1957 gets killed by her boyfriend and comes back 30 years later for revenge.the best actor in this movie is micheal ironside and the movie stars other ok actors and actress like justin louis ( i ) , wendy lyon , lisa schrage and richard monette ( i ) .and there are some good gore scenes like when mary lou kills the girl that is trying to hide in her locker by crushing the lockers together and how one of the students are on the computer and mary lou electrocutes him to death.over all this is an ok/good horror movie and my rating is 4 out of 10 .
ugh , what can i say other than , ugh . i rented this film because it was labeled as a sequel to the original vampires . this movie could not have been any lamer . lacking not only in plot , but the acting is atrocious . combined with some obvious plot holes makes this movie a very hard one to watch . many times i questioned my own sanity at continuing to watch the film long after the plot had jumped the shark . here 's a sampling of the lamer aspects ... * * * spoilers * * * professional `` slayer '' insists on sleeping outdoors by himself at night . he wakes up to a woman crying , sitting no more than 3 feet from him in the middle of nowhere . he immediately goes to comfort her without questioning her sudden appearance . she goes from crying to seducing him , and he lets it happen with obvious results ... one of the main characters is zoe , was bitten by a vampire , but as long as she takes these `` experimental pills '' she got in mexico city , she 's fine , although her body temperature is below room temperature ... guard outside of monastery where hero is staying the night is killed by vampires , hero leaves the next day . he then returns a day later only to be surprised that the vampires attacked the monastery the night after he left ... ... avoid this movie .
this movie is like the material s.e . hinton was writing in the 1970s and copola was adapting to the screen in the early 80s , and , had trueblood actually been a product of either , the results might 've been much better ( especially in the acting department ) . instead , we get a rather so-bad-its-funny piece of mediocrity . jeff fahey plays ray trueblood , a former street rumbler , i suppose is the accurate description . this was in the days of action movies that used guys in their 40s and mid30s and dressed them up in greaser threads or some kind of more effeminate selection of gang garb and they fought to lousy 80s music . nonetheless , ray is the lone caretaker of his younger brother , donny ( chad lowe in a part where he screams a lot ) , who he is forced to leave behind inexplicably in a train station when , on the run from the cops , he is nabbed and forced to serve time in the marines . flash forward to present day and ray is back in town and looking for his brother who has also become part of the street gangs , although in a gang that was ray 's adversary and now old scores must be violently settled ( and again , cops must be dodged and this time , a lady 's honor defended in the action film sense ) before ray can carry on life at normal pace with his brother , donny . for the most part , the film is quite ridiculous . for me , most of this has to do with far too much overacting , although not by fahey or sherlyn fenn who plays the waitress he befriends . the guys in the gang and lowe himself seem to do quite a bit of needless exaggerated as new york street toughs . although , the bigger hang up is recycled plot lines and perhaps a kind of movie that was well past its prime as a product of 1989 .
a number of brides are mysteriously murdered while at the altar , and later their bodies are stolen en route to the morgue . newspaper writer patricia hunter decides to investigate these mysterious killings . she discovers that right before each ceremony , the bride was given a rare orchid ( supposedly from the groom ) which contained a powerful drug that succumbed them . patricia is told that the orchid was first grown by a dr. lorenz , who lives in a secluded estate , with his wife . in reality , dr. lorenz is responsible for the crimes , by putting the brides in a suspended state , and using their gland fluid to keep his wife eternally young . patricia , along with dr. foster ( who is working with dr. lorenz on the medical mystery surrounding his wife ) try to force dr. lorenz 's hand by setting up a phony wedding , which eventually leads patricia into the mad doctor 's clutches . this movie had a very good opening reel , but basically ended up with too many establishing shots and other weak scenes . the cast is decent , walters and coffin deserved better , but that 's life . russell steals the show ( even out hamming lugosi- who does not give one of his more memorable performances , even considering his monograms ) as countess lorenz playing the role with the qualities of many of the stereotypical characteristics of many of today 's hollywood prima donnas . weak and contrived ending as well . rating , based on b movies , 4 .
this is a movie about making a movie . such movies may be entertaining , but they need some substance , to do so . it did not happen here , i am afraid . mr coppola did not inherit his father 's skills , unfortunately ( neither did his sister , who can however make movies which one might watch ) . i do wonder how this movie came to get such rave reviews . let 's see : the lead male actor , supposedly a director , is as expressive as a frozen squid and his voice has the same pitch whatever he says , the lead female actress has an expression on her face that never changes , the plot is totally segmented in bits with perhaps one single connecting element , the movie within the movie idea must be more stale than paleolithic rocks ... would that be enough ? i regretted every single moment i watched this movie . a walk with the dog is far superior entertainment to this unbelievably lame movie . it 's as if a françois truffaut plot were directed by dick cheney ... brazil , some other classic sf movies ? you must be really joking ...
proof that not everything tarantino touches turns to gold . this is most definitely plastic , all the way . its easy to see that without quentin 's involvement this would have probably sat on the shelf for years , that 's assuming it would have ever got produced in the first place . it is about a woman with a fascination of death who gets a job cleaning up after crime scenes , angela jones is unconvincing in this role , william baldwin is better as the serial killer who keeps jones in employment ! . all in all pretty poor .
brokedown palace is not the kind of movie i would ever like to see . i also did not like the movie when some aussie man smuggled drugs in thailand and accused claire danes and kate beckinsale of drug smuggling . i would not go to that country no matter what after i saw this movie . in fact this movie stinks . i prefer to visit germany to meet beautiful single women . germany is the country i tolerate . i also would rather stick to the united states instead . after i saw some of the movie in the theatre including the false accusation of drug smuggling , i left the theatre and had my money refunded because i can not tolerate this movie . if you are going to to thailand to meet someone there who could be a drug smuggler , forget this !
i have heard about this novel a long time ago , many of my friends have recommend me to read it . i searched it in every place and finally found it . this is a book that every man should read , because it is genius and because of it 's vision . i enjoyed every page . i knew about the movie and could not wait to see it . when i finally did i was very disappointed , many things that are in the book are not in the movie ( i do not think that this is a spoiler ) that just makes the movie not logical ... michael radford might be a good director , but a bad writer . especially as a book adopter . the movie is not dark at all , the writing is really bad , the only thing that is good , even great , is the acting . john hurt is an amazing actor and the only face i myself could see as winston smith . what angers me the most are the people in imdb that called this `` the best adaptation ever '' without even reading the book ! or knowing anything about screen writing ! you can only understand the brilliance of the story by reading the book , do not consider this as an alternative . as a fan of the book , i was very disappointed . the points i gave for this movie goes for the acting .
popeye and big foot * * ; popeye 's engine company * * ; getting popeye 's goat * * 1/2 i used to lap these up as a kid but , catching an episode of the series comprising three cartoons back-to-back now i.e . several years later ( they preceded the theatrical screening of the pirate yarn raiders of the seven seas [ 1953 ] ) , i can see how they do n't hold up all that well ! the character of popeye is n't exactly sympathetic to begin with , olive oyl distinctly overbearing and bluto 's antics failed to elicit much interest either – in short , the scripts were alarmingly thin , fairly awful and generally unfunny to boot . they 're strictly juvenile fare , yet i doubt today 's kids would even have the patience to stick with them ! ; furthermore , the animation style is unattractive . taking each short per se , i guess they improved from one to the other : after the initial shock , one adapted to its mediocre quality as it were , so that the third cartoon easily results in being the most enjoyable of the lot – popeye is entrusted with a mascot army goat whose immense appetite causes him no end of mischief ( hardly original , i know , but always an amusing ploy ) . one interesting element here was that the shorts were bookended with popeye delivering moralistic bits of wisdom to the kids in the audience .
do not be mistaken , this is neither a horror , nor really a film . i firmly advise against watching this 82 minute failure ; the only reason it merited a star was the presence of chris pine . nothing happens . you wait patiently in the hope that there may be a flicker of a twist , a hint of surprise , a plot to emerge - but no . the characters take erratic turns of pace in their actions and yet do n't have the time to develop - thanks to the thrifty editors and frankly ashamed writers - before returning to an idyllic and playful ( bring on the teen rock montage ) state . the only thing that could have made it worse would be adding the perishable token ethnic 'companion ' . their encounters with obstacles ( be they human or physical ) are brief , confusing and entirely pointless . chris pine fights to keep himself above the surface whilst being drowned by a misery of a lightweight cast . lou taylor pucci could n't be dryer if he spent the summer with keanu reaves combing the navada desert . watch 'the road ' , watch '28 days later ' , watch day time tv ... anything but this ; i implore you . suffer the boredom , unlike you may be led to believe in the film , this film is no cure .
this horrendously bad piece of trash manages to be racist , sexist and homophobic all at once , while pretending to be terribly chic and sophisticated . atrocious performances , a cliche ridden screenplay , and boring direction make this movie one to steer clear of . two scenes were especially offensive - the one in which schaech scrubs his tongue after being kissed by another man ( could it really have been that gross ) , and the scene where eastwood is kissed by schaech 's best friend , who is pretending to be russian . after he leaves the room she exclaims `` f * * king foreigners '' ! so much for her being a cultured artist who dreams of living in paris ! ? ! jonathon schaech can be a likeable actor on screen , and is astonishingly good-looking . it 's a shame he did n't learn more from working with cutting edge gay director gregg araki on an earlier film , and try to salvage this film from descending into a string of gay stereotypes and a mire of homophobia .
the monster from enemy mine somehow made his way into a small mountain community , where he has taken up residence . he 's being hunted by a female doctor-turned-vigilante who is out to exterminate him . this female assassin , who looks like a refugee from a motley crue video , rides around on a motorcycle and tries to save a bunch of kids who have chosen to have a big chill weekend right smack dab in the middle of the monster 's turf . decapitations and lots of blood are primarily in place to draw attention away from the story which limps along like a bad version of the island of dr. moreau ( and yes , it 's worse than the one with val kilmer ) .
i am a big-time horror/sci-fi fan regardless of budget , but after watching countless horror movies late night on cable and video , this has to be the worst of all movies . with bloody special effects ( what looked like a roast covered in fake blood or ketchup that kept being shown over and over again ) and people running around screaming from left , then to right , then back again . it should have stayed with the beginning convenience store scene and stopped there and been 15 minutes . instead , it is dragged out very long . it is very , very x5 low budget . many scenes were way , way too long . narrator sounded very amateurish like a random person out of junior high was talking . this is the only movie to rate lower in my opinion than manos , red zone cuba , benji , and godzilla vs. megalon despite their higher budgets . 10 snoozes , try to stay awake through whole movie in one setting or better yet , avoid it like you would an undead brain-eating mob . the why-did-i-ever-see-this-piece-of-zombie-dung-blues . epitome of nauseatingly bad made movies etc .. ad infinitum . -infinity/10
what kind of sh * t is this ? power rangers vs freddy ? it was watchable and as good as the first film in the beginning but from the part where the protagonists get super powers in theirs dreams , it started to become childish . this sh * t should have been rated pg or pg-13 rather than r. i expected to see some very mature stuff but it was only for the 1/3 of the film . the rest are for little kids . plus it 's focused too much on christianity . i know freddy 's a demon but there are many religions that have different ways to fight demons . why does it always have to be christianity ? this is total orientalism and filled with white men/westerner 's superiority . do n't ' watch this , show it to little kids who loves power rangers .
because others have gone to the trouble of summarizing the plot , i 'd like to mention a few points about this film . there may be spoilers here ; i do n't care enough to filter them out . - given the film 's low budget , the creature design was quite good . it 's actually nice to see a direct-to-video horror film that 's not slathered with awful cgi . unfortunately the digital film quality 's quite grainy in places , and it 's most noticeable in the well-lit white halls of the asylum . - ridiculous lighting design plagues parts of this film , to say nothing of the variations in the passage of time . i understand the director might have been trying to simulate dementia , but in order for this to be effective consistent time flow needed to be established . as-is , it merely seems amateurish . - plot twists were numerous but consistently predictable . i neither had a doubt in my mind of the identity of the robed cultists , nor of the fact that some kind of lame evil-trumps-good development would surface at the end . - this may seem like quibbling , but characters in this film reliably fail to employ any kind of common sense . first of all , regulatory commissions would be all over a mental health center that unilaterally declared all patient and employee deaths cardiac arrest-induced . why would the head psychiatrist also be capable of performing autopsies ? why was n't a plot point made of these impressive qualifications , or of his introduction to his odd choice of religion ? what 's the background ? what 's supposed to make us care about anyone in this ? and just as importantly , who in their right mind would go through the introduction to the place , see everything that was so frighteningly wrong with it , and then conclude that it was still a fine place to pursue a residency ? this film did n't even respect its characters enough to give their intelligence the benefit of the doubt . bottom line : see the wicker man instead .
really an amazing pile of pap ! a predictable , slow moving , soul destroying , mind numbing movie to which , slitting your own wrists with a rusty bread knife seems ... well , almost necessary . the acting is over done for the thin dialogue , every scene is at least twice as long as it needs to be , the intricate details of how this career is collapsing or that career is rising is just far too dreary and mundane for words . the music would be good if you did n't have to sit through the movie , but really , three good songs is not enough reward for the effort required to watch the movie . watching this film i prayed to god for narcolepsy or for someone to shoot me . never , ever , ever again .
this movie is simply not worth the time or money spent . full of clichés and a plot that makes absolutely no sense ! i cant believe that so many people have given this awful movie a 10 . my guess is they are stooges of the movie maker . if i could give this movie a zero , i would . too bad imdb does n't allow that . the only reason i watched it because i went with a friend who really wanted to see it . whats sad is that i never had great expectations from this movie to begin with and yet i felt short changed . take my word , do n't waste your $ 8 on this piece of trash . the only entertainment i got out of the movie was making fun of the directors name . in all , highly not recommended !
a very bad attempt at a young spinal tap . at least the music in spinal tap was good . this is really a very sad case of hollywood nepotism at it 's worst . a bunch of hollywood execs , bad musicians and producers create some `` poopie '' show so their kids can be in the spotlight . oh please ! ! ! the potty humor was even bad . i hate this stuff when there is really incredibly talented kids ( musicians , actors and artists ) out there busting their butts to have success and this crap comes along . help u all ! ! ! ! why was n't gene simmons in it ? ? ? ameriac 's taste in entertainment is going down the toilet .
i went to see this movie at our college theater thirty years ago because i liked bruce dern in silent running and family plot . to this day ( sorry jack nicholson ) , it is still the dullest movie i 've ever seen . it just went on and on with no discernible point and then - it just ended . the lights came up and i watched everyone looking around in confusion . had the projectionist missed a reel ? i 've never had the urge to find out . all i remember about the movie is that it was a non-drama about some annoying college basketball players and their coach . the most enjoyable part of the movie was watching the totally mystified audience afterwords . fortunately , this was just an exception for jack , bruce , and karen black .
the movie has several story lines that follow several different characters . the different story lines do n't feel like one whole complete piece which makes this comedy a very incoherent one and gets even annoying to watch at times . it may sound weak and cliché but it 's true ; you 're way better of watching the crocodile hunter series on the discovery channel with steve and terri irwin . it 's more fun and even more hilarious than this movie is . i 'm sure both cast and crew had lots of fun making this movie but the movie does n't give us the viewers much pleasure . for a comedy it simply is n't funny enough and steve and terri irwin just are n't good actors , not even when they play themselves ! their antics are simply not good enough to make an entire movie around and their scene 's feel long , distracting and unnecessary and even annoying at times . the movie had quite some potential , i mean steve irwin is one character that in a strange way is both intriguing and hilarious to watch , so when i first heard that they were making a movie about 'the crocodile hunter ' my first reaction was ; brilliant ! the movie however heavily suffers from its weak story and the incoherent story lines with uninteresting and unfunny characters . the movie does has a certain entertainment value , at least enough to make this movie watchable for at least once but still , i must certainly would n't recommend this movie . watching this movie felt like a waste of time . still this movie might be watchable just once , when it gets on tv , on a rainy afternoon . it does has some good moments but the story lines really completely ruin the movie and its potential . 4/10
i 've seen a lot of crap in my day , but goodness , hot rod takes the cake . i saw a free screening in ny the other night . i can only hope they show the funny version to the paying customers . the big laughs were sparse , the plot was uninteresting , and the characters were one dimensional at best . one highlight is a hilarious dancing scene with adam samberg . it was priceless and was the only scene i truly had a hearty laugh at . other than that , i can only recollect randomness and dead air . snl & samberg fans may be disappointed . i know i was expecting more from it . but it short , i definitely would not recommend attending a free screening or paying to watch this film .
i gave this movie a very fair chance , and it betrayed me . this is very little more than a black and white excuse to bore the hell out of the audience even as the egotist bogdanavich ( who did way better with targets ) gets `` great performances '' out of a ton of hams in their debuts . lots of teenage sex clichés come out of this movie , such as doing the teacher 's wife , impotence , doing the ugly prostitute ( which is very awkwardly shot and grinds things to a complete halt , not that things were really going anywhere anyway ) and skinny dipping . i suppose this movie is supposed to be funny because of all the sex nonsense , to me , it was just annoying . i was seriously much more entertained by cleaning my finger nails than watching this mess .
to be honest , i did n't watch all of the original 'howling ' , but those scenes i saw made it obvious that the first howling was a great movie . so great , that seven horrible sequels had to be made . they started off with `` howling ii : your sister is a werewolf '' . i got this movie on vhs from my uncle sometime ago when he was giving away a bunch of old movies he bought back when atari was brand new . i just watched it last night , and it was n't really bad , it was just weird . i mean , the whole thing with sybil danning going three-way with two of her werewolf minions was just out of place and quite disturbing ( but kinda hot ) , christopher lee about to stab a dead karen as if she 's a vampire , etc . actually , this movie was actually like some sort of mish-mash of dracula and the lost boys ... except with werewolves , because everything christopher lee ( whom played dracula himself ) was saying about werewolves pretty much ripped off from every other vampire movie ( stake in the heart , garlic , the creature of the night must die at night , and the ruler of werewolves lives in transylvania ) . not much for the acting , but the worst of it came from annie mcenroe . i swear , at some point in the film i found myself rooting for the werewolves to rip her throat out , because that damn throat always had to say something . anyway , the plot is pretty silly and clichéd , so there 's no real point in telling you , you could just read about it on wikipedia . by the way , the thing that really makes me nauseous about this movie is the fact that it 's the only film out of all the seven sequels thats related in any way to the original ( not counting howling iv ( 1988 ) , which was a remake of the original , or in other words , a sequel based on the same novel ) . so do n't see this movie . there 's no real horror , hardly any werewolves , and just horrible special fx . 3/10
from the awful death scenes to guns that fire without making sounds to a character called the fiend . it 's all tiresome , slow moving , unimaginative drivel . it was ok seeing the guy with the cape and the hunchback lurking around . visually it was creepy and probably occupied the moviegoer of the time , but even in 1936 one would think that there would have been a little more imagination and verisimilitude to even a film like this . i just kept waiting for something to happen of any importance as people stood around making speeches and acting like they were posing at an office picnic . and then there are those bullets as a previous commentator mentioned . perhaps the best clue would have been to search for a water spot on someone 's pants pocket .
when i saw this movie cover , the first thing i thought was that it was made for video . the second thing that came to mind was how similar this looked to another terrible movie `` darkness falls '' , the tale of this dumb witch who killed people in the dark . unfortunately , darkness falls was quite the masterpiece compared to this pile of garbage , and this movie should not have been made . the film starts off with a small back story for the witch , or , more like a pointless introduction of two little kids who are going to go meet the tooth fairy in hopes of her giving them a shiny new bicycle for their tooth . the opening is filmed poorly , and like the rest of the movie , it 's certainly not scary . in present time , the movie is about peter ( lochlyn munroe ) . peter 's renting out his house , and his ex-girlfriend darcy ( chandra west ) , and her daughter cole come to stay there . cole meets a neighborhood child , and they talk of the tooth fairy , and how you should n't lose your tooth , or she 'll come for you . unfortunately seconds later , it looks like the tooth fairy steals her bike and knocks her tooth out ( how ironic ) . will cole survive the wrath of the tooth fairy , and will her mother and peter be able to save her , and rekindle their romance ... this is a bad movie , you could probably figure it out . one of the main problems with this idiotic film is how undefined the tooth fairy is . they say she kills you if you lose your tooth , but nope . she 's more like a serial killer who kills at random , and if you lose your tooth , you 're definitely going to go . she steals a bike , so apparently she 's a thief too . i said earlier that the idea for this movie was based on darkness falls , but where did they get the inspiration for the tooth fairy 's appearance ? let 's see . she looks like a burn victim , and she previously went around the neighborhood slaughtering children . hmmm ... it 's almost as though she 's an exact rip-off of freddy krueger from the `` nightmare on elm street '' films . and this is not the worst part of this awful mess , the climax is . this movie might have the most laughable climax ( not literally laughable because i found it more sickening than funny ) i 've ever seen . do n't see this . just a little trivia . lochlyn munroe was in scary movie , and jianna ballard was in scary movie 3 , and they both were in this , so apparently scary movie stars are forced to end out their career with bad scary movies . my rating : 1/2 out of * * * * . 80 mins . r for violence .
spoilers . first off , nothing really happened in this movie , other than a woman bleeding inexplicably . second , it was n't scary . third , it had the worst soundtrack of any movie ever . let me elaborate . the sound was edited by either beavis or butthead – i 'm not sure which , so let 's just go with beavis . the movie gradually gets more and more quiet and the people mumble and mutter , forcing you to turn up the volume ( i watched this at home ) . then beavis blasts some really loud sounds with supposedly scary/shocking images , forcing you to quickly lower the volume again . this occurs many times until , mercifully , the movie ends . i can picture beavis laughing vulgarly from behind the two-way mirror while watching the test group franticly reaching for the remote each time . if you have children and prefer to watch scary movies after they fall asleep , this one is a big mistake . but then it 's a big mistake anyway . here 's a thought – if you 're going to make a horror movie , at least add a gratuitous beheading , a 19-year-old blond girl who screams at the top of her lungs just before she can take off her sweater , the shadow on the wall of someone being eaten alive just out of the camera range , a cat being thrown at the camera to scare the audience , some drifty weirdo with a maniacal laugh , or a monster who looks like a stage hand covered in aluminum foil ( a la tv 's lost in space ) . these people did n't even try to scare me . they just wanted to hurt my ears .
i caught this movie on fx last night , and as i was sitting there watching it , it occurred to me that it could quite possibly be the worst movie ever . bad acting , bad cinematography , bad sound , totally unbelievable fight sequences , stupid characters . all these made it up to be the most laughably bad movie i 've ever seen . it was so bad , i was enthralled by it 's sheer lack of anything semi-competent that i had to keep watching ... and they made a sequel !
the original thunderbirds earned a place in tv history . it was , and still is , much beloved - indeed , the entire first 10 minutes of the wallace and gromit movie ( the wererabbit ) is a direct lift of thunderbirds , down to a direct replay of the original thunderbird 2 launching sequence ( if you do n't believe me , get the movie , and then get a copy of the original episode where thunderbird 2 is launched ) . this movie was a crass attempt at making a kids ' movie - when the original was loved and enjoyed by kids and adults alike ! in the original , the thunderbirds spent all of their time rescuing people who were often trapped when mother nature or technology went horrible wrong ( yes , there was also the occasional criminal act ) . the thunderbirds put their own lives and resources at risk for no reward - the very essence of heroism and selflessness . there was little physical violence . the thunderbirds challenged the imagination to a degree - how many of us would dream of someday building a thunderbird 2 ? and do n't underestimate the power of entertainment to do this - many japanese attribute their fascination with humanoid robots to the old astroboy cartoon . but this movie was a poor re-image of the original . this movie came across as a meld between thunderbirds and loony tunes - i mean , we have anthony edwards as brain imitating porky pig 's stuttering ? ? ? ? ? much of the action consists of kung fu/power rangers type fighting . indeed , there were funny sound effects when someone got nailed on the head with a frying pan . the tech that fired our imagination was absent - instead we have these kids running around , using a plot device that was never in the original series ( having the entire team take off at once , leaving the base occupied by the kids and brain ) . then there was a dose of `` use the force luke '' mysticism thrown in when tintin would levitate something or another , coupled with the the hood using aerodynamics that looked like they were lifted from `` crouching tiger , hidden dragon '' . about the only thing missing was for the hood to go `` tintin , i am your uncle '' with a breath mask voice . the heart that made thunderbirds unique was gone . the only bright point was ron cook 's portrayal of parker - he caught it perfectly . but the actress playing lady penelope came across as a child - huh ? ? ? ? and this is why we hate this movie . when someone puts out something that was popular to a fan base , and expects the fans to shell out money to watch , and then delivers something than was n't even close to what the fans expect - well , i am sorry , that is just plain wrong ! ok , so if they were making a kids ' movie - fine - next time distribute it straight to video , where many of these belong . but do n't package something up in a familiar wrapper and change the innards .
they had such potential for this movie and they completely fall flat . in the first cruel intentions , we are left wondering what motivated the lead characters to become the way they are and act the way they do . there is almost no character development whatsoever in this prequel . it 's actually a very sad story but this film did nothing for me . it was as if they left out good writing in place of unneeded f-words . and the end makes absolutely no sense and does n't explain anything . the writing was just terrible . another thing that bothered me was that they used at lease 3 of the exact same lines that were in the original . such as `` down boy '' , or the kissing scene , and a few others i ca n't remember . i was not impressed at all by robin 's acting , but amy did a great job . that 's about the only thing that reconciled this movie .
gorgeous bodies , gorgeous colors and camera work , pretentious dialog , banal plot . the name of the prima donna , camilla , and the eponymous flowers that appear frequently , are enough to remind us of the plot similarities from dumas ' novel la dame aux camelias , the movie camille starring garbo and ( i think ) robert taylor , and last but not least verdi 's opera la traviata . beautiful , not-too-virtuous young ladies , social outcasts for one reason or another , loved , split up , reunited just in time to die of tuberculosis in the last scene ... one forgives banal plots and stupid unrealistic dialog in opera , but why waste hayak , don sutherland , a beautiful rendition of la in the 30s , a deus ex machina earthquake that conveniently kills the other woman , and all that beauty on this mediocre turkey where there is n't even any beautiful singing ?
artemesia takes the usual story about the art world , eg , `` you ca n't paint that ! but i want to ! '' and plasters it with sex and scandal to make the whole film , well , interesting , but not remarkable . the story is about one of the first female painters around , artemesia who course , is fiercely independent , but just ca n't stop thinking of men , and their bodies for artistic purposes of course . she soon gets private tutoring from one of a well known artist , but soon tutoring becomes much more then art , and soon after that , scandal erupts ! funny how they could take a historical biography and make it almost into a soft-porn fantasy . i mean , was artemesia that much of a man-hungry person ? also , it 's quite funny when she 's insisting that she `` paints for herself ! '' yet falls for the first person she sees . actually , the story itself is quite fascinating , and it ends with a trial , which i always love . but i was n't too crazy about the male lead who played her teacher , who looked rather like the person someone like that would n't fall for . i woulda gone for the young fisherman : p
wow ! i remember so many awful films that loosely revolved around high school from the early 1980s . they usually had someincredibly strained plot and lots of 27 year old actors pretending to be students . as i watched this film i felt a little of the nostalgia of growing up in the 1980s . however , then i find out that this film was made in 1989 ? say what ! well , the nostalgia factor ends right there , this is just bad . the plot has the city preparing to close a high school and threatening to bus all of the students to inner city high schools . which is odd , in that the students at this school are both wealthy and abundant . in fact , the main character lives in a mansion . makes you wonder how they can not find money to keep this school alive , have they never heard of property taxes . oh , but here is the kicker . the school board says that they will keep the school alive , if the students can raise $ 200,000 . so the seniors go about doing this . hmmm , you raise $ 200,000 but instead of saving that for college , you put it towards saving the high school that you are a senior in ? and why exactly would they close an overpopulated school before the year is out ? and ... ahh forget it , this film was stupid and made in 1989 ! ?
what was steven seagal thinking ? i mean firstly i love seagal . i love all his movies up to the mid 2000s . his early stuff is some of the best in the genre . this however does not live up to its excellent name . attack force ( with protagonist marshall lawson { seagal } ) would be expected to be a mindless action movie with seagal in typical one-liner ass kicking form . however , what we get is a crime mystery , bordering on a political thriller with little or no action . seagal is always in shadows because of his weight . i could not follow this story . there 's people who mutate to superhumans when they take a drug . what happened in this movie . the dubbing of seagal is a disgrace , a shambles and a shame . why dub the man ? the story is terrible . this got a 2/10 from me because of the scene where seagal asks for backup despite having an army with him , and an hilarious fight scene where seagal swings his hands like a girl facing the camera ! `` revenge is a two way street '' seagal says in this movie ... well forget revenge steven , you need redemption !
major league : back to the minors ( 1998 ) ½ * starring : scott bakula , eric bruskotter , corbin bernsen , dennis haysbert , jensen daggett , written and directed by john warren 100 minutes rated pg-13 ( for language and some violence ) by blake french : believe it or not , in the new john warren comedy `` major league : back to the minors '' there is one funny scene . it consists of a sequence where an infuriated coach throws a baseball hard into the wall behind him only to have it hit the cement and bounce back and smash him in the face . it 's not much , but with the exception of a few one-liners , it 's all this film has to offer ... enough said . this movie is not only structurally impaired , characteristically undeveloped , predictable and badly written , but also just plain bad . even non-critical audience members will hate this movie with all that they got . it is so familiar it just is n't funny . how many times does the same movie about sports have to be made ? last years we saw this same material in `` air bud : golden receiver , '' and as bad as that film was , this is even worse . at least `` air bud '' was family oriented . `` major league back to the minors '' is too vulgar for a wholesome family to view together on a sunday afternoon . it is too childish for adults . so who is this film for ? teenagers ? elderly ? people who are so desperate for entertainment they would rent something like this ? the film , like many others like this , has one basic point it tries to make : teamwork conquers all . yes it does , and what a great moral to try to prove . too bad we have already seen and excepted it so many times over and over have such little talent and intelligence that their cheerleaders are men in a ballerina costumes . where the silly announcers form their own `` buddy comedy routine '' muttering one liners to themselves like `` they suck , '' `` this kids fast ball is timed with an hour glass , '' `` this guy dropped out of ball for a while to find something he lost -- maybe it was his mind , '' `` somebody needs a nap , '' and `` ever see a sunset as beautiful as that play . '' where the characters have such little significance to each other that we never know them by name . and where the only heartfelt lecture scene about teamwork is so unknowledgeable that it is almost funny . `` major league back to the minors '' is so bad ; it stalls its trite ending right in the middle of a good closing sequence . the good baseball team is on a comeback , they are about to win and -- the power goes out . i was thinking for a minute that this piece of trash had come to a conclusion , but in reality , its false final scene exists only to add minutes to the running time . the movie basically consists of a series of unrelated sketches that throw in so many putrid jokes it is are not funny . there is another kind-of-funny line of dialogue that has a coach and a player talking to each other about why a long time outfielder is not wanted in that position any longer . the coach 's answer : `` you 're too old , too slow , and too fat . '' the player 's reaction is to die for . but that scene certainly does not make this movie noteworthy of you time , and certainly is not worth a cent of your money . so here is another dreadful entrée into this genre of film , another that is doomed with its own script , which is failed before seen , and another which is so familiar it seems like deja vu all over again .
okay so i went into this movie not really expecting much i figured an action flick similar to the fast and the furious . some nice cars some nice girls somewhat of a decent plot . unfortunately i would have to say that this was probably the worst movie i have seen this year . do n't get me wrong the cars were nice and the girls were ok but the way they put the movie together was just plain crappy to put it nicely . the story just never made you care about the cast and the movie seemed just pieced together . so overall this movie was not the worst thing ever by far but if your looking for a movie to go to this weekend i would pass on this one for now .
this oddity in the new doris day collection does n't really need to be included as she is only in the film for less than 30 minutes . what she does do however , is shine when she 's on screen . the near plot less movie is just an excuse to showcase some warner contract players of the day . jancie rule shows promise and it 's a shame she did n't become a big star . ruth roman handles the role of the `` go-getter '' with aplomb . better if this was in color . the travis air force base locations with some rear projection work well . what 's best about the movie are some wonderful musical interludes . if you enjoyed thank your lucky stars and hollywood canteen you 'll like this one .
i did n't agree with any of the theology in the left behind series , but nonetheless i found the books gripping and i read 8 of 12 of them . undeniably good writing and interesting story . however , i did n't have very high expectations for the movie . there was no way mainstream hollywood would have taken up a christian series and produced a big-budget movie . so it was done independently ... and it just felt like i was watching a really long tv show . it just did n't feel like a movie ; it did n't have that movie `` experience '' to it , if anybody knows what i 'm talking about . so the movie suffered because of that , and the low-budget , poor special effects were another detraction for me . on top of that , i feel that gordon currie was woefully miscast as nicolie carpathia . reading the book , my impression of nc was that he was supposed to be this charming , dazzling , amazingly handsome guy who spoke english with almost zero trace of an accent . so i imagined somebody like pierce brosnan in the role . instead , they found some clay aiken pencil-neck who looks like an employee of the month from best buy , and gave him a really bad fake accent . so that lost a few stars for me right there . a movie is just not convincing when the major villain does n't look or sound the way he 's supposed to . the acting was okay , but nothing to write home about . some of the scenes - like one of the conversion scenes ( ca n't remember which one ) - were real seat-squirmers for me . and some of the christian rock music or whatever it was , was really out of place for some of the scenes , like in the one with kirk cameron praying in the bathroom . in short , it was n't a bad movie , but it just did n't do it for me . stick to the book , folks , it 's much better .
it happened with assault on prescient 13 in 2005 , it happened with the lost boys in 2008 and now it 's happened with another classic from the 80 's wargames ... : ( why , oh why , oh why wo n't hollywood ever learn ? leave them alone ... ! they ca n't be remade ... ! they suck .... ! we all hate them .... ! . those of you who have n't seen the original 1983 version with matthew broderick & ally sheedy , go rent/buy it now .... ! ! the hardware may look dated , the special effects are not new millennium but it still beats this rubbish hands down .... for those of us who lived through the 80 's when hacking was sexy , the internet was something mysterious and your disks came as a 8 '' floppy variety , well we now possess the wisdom to avoid this film like a thermonuclear war ! never before has `` a nice game of chess '' seemed the better option ....
unless you are mentally ill or the most die hard segal fan you will tire of this horrendous excuse for a film in under 5 minutes . the plot - even for a seagal film , the plot is just stupid . i mean its not just bad , its barely coherent . the acting - unbelievably wooden . literally seen better acting in porno 's . ironically this film tries to cash in on this audience which a 'lesbian love scene ' which is utterly cringe-worthy . special effects - would n't look out of place in a 60 's sword and sorcery flick . unless you suffer from insomnia and have exhausted all other cures , do n't make the same mistake as i did and buy this dvd , as you will be asking for that hour and a half of your life back .
the movie and acting are not bad and jay hernandez does a good job playing calito brigante but the movie forgets it 's suppose to be a prequel to a hit movie . the makers of this prequel clearly did not watch the original carlito 's way or at least did not care about continuity . this movie is a prequel which means the original movie has already laid out some history for us and this movie should end where the original begins or at least lead up to it . not one of carlito 's close old friends from the original make an appearance in this movie , they 're not even mentioned . luis guzman , pachanga in the original , is in the movie but he plays a completely different character . the original takes place in 1975 and the prequel takes place in 1969-70 . considering this movie takes place less than 5 years earlier , would n't you think one of carlito 's long time friends would make an appearance ? in the original , carlito start 's out being released from jail after spending 5 years in jail . that 's only a few month 's between the end of the prequel and the start of the original ! * * * semi spoiler * * * we know from the beginning of the original , carlito has spent 5 years in prison so when the prequel gives us this hollywood happy ending it 's an insult to the intelligence of fans of the original . what happen to gail ? it 's the lack of continuity that made this film go direct to video release .
ritchie 's first two films were snappy , stylish entertainment . here , he raids two recent classics – 'the usual suspects ' and 'fight club ' – and still comes out empty-handed . despite parading itself as a con-mystery ( with the sub-'usual suspects ' twaddle `` the greatest con he ever pulled was convincing you that he was you '' or whatever it was ... ) and attempting a 'fight-club ' twist about which characters are real and which are internal manifestations , the film struggles to maintain interest in its second half . by the last third , you know you 're being lead down a blind alley , and tediously slowly at that . cons , chess and game theory are all great subjects , but ritchie delves into them too superficially and too repetitively to make much use of the material . the only thing that keeps the movie ( almost ) watchable is ritchie 's bold way with with a scene and maurice-jones 's dynamic camera . if ritchie stuck to a more satisfying plot , and succumbed to tighter editing , there 's no reason why he could n't have made another enjoyable gangster caper . as it is , revolver is a waste of your time . incomprehensibility does not equal profundity . if you want to see a great film that does n't make logical sense but makes a virtue of it ( and , incidentally , which also involves an inexplicable escape from solitary confinement ) watch 'lost highway ' .
why , o ' why ! ... did i pick this one up ? well ... i needed a no-brainer in the summer heat , and the cover looked cool . of course i should 've known better . this is a really , really bad movie . and it gets embarasing when the makers know it 's bad , and try cover it up by adding some sexy/beautiful women , and some sex-scenes to it . well , folks ... it does'nt cut it , does it ! if you would like a cool movie about a big reptile that is actually very , very good , well-played and funny : go rent lake placid ! ( that is an order )
the movie is about two brothers that are supposed to be alike - but are not in any way expect for being smart - one is a surgeon and they other is able to write a computer code . geniuses as they like to call themselves which sounds very exaggerated if you compare it to personal characteristics can you perceive from the material of the title . i honestly did n't like the style of the movie . i believe that anxiety , confusion and deep blues it brings are there for a purpose , but what i do n't get is why there is so much of it . the movie is cheap on scenes and tells the story basically with no human aspect in it at all . it gives the comic book like experience . however it 's visually numbing the viewer , it somehow brings him inside the blues with brief dialogs , monotonic scenes , dynamic cut , music and abrupt noises . the movie 's storyline is very simple , most of what 's going on is being dramatically pictured for long minutes , mostly in confusing delirium simulating effects of drug use and dynamic cuts . i will say openly that this movie did n't meet my expetations a tiny bit .
this is a genuinely horrible film . the plot ( such as it is ) is totally undecipherable . ( i think it has something to do with blackmail , but i 'm not entirely certain . ) half of the dialogue consists of useless cliches . the other half is spoken by the various actors in such unintelligible imitations of `` southern '' accents that ( thankfully ) the words can not be recognized . but the one true tragedy of the movie is that such a historic talent as mary tyler moore apparently was in such dire financial or personal circumstances that she appeared in it .
despite the rave reviews this flick has garnered in new zealand , any hype surrounding the production is sadly undeserved . apart from a clichés-only plot , the movie is let down by some weak acting , accents , and overall lack of tension . whilst having the overall look of a big budget ( for nz ) , the feel is decidedly small-town kiwi ... has anyone not seen the brothers ? ? ( http : //imdb.com/title/tt0250274/ ) those who have will pick the similarities straightaway .... i 've heard comments that scenes like the boys playing basketball etc were shot to poke fun at the clichéd `` boys talking crap '' , but it comes across as forced ... i believe oscar keightley sees himself as deeply ironic , but again his delivery always seems merely vaguely self conscious . those who have any doubts left at all that samoans-living-in-nz culture has been deeply , hopefully not permanently , affected by american speech , culture , and everything inbetween will certainly have their minds made up at the end of this movie . robbie magasiva always looks good on screen , but is let down by the script .. it always rubs me up the wrong way when a `` comedy '' has scenes that are set up in such an obvious way , you are left feeling like having a good groan at the clichéd punchline - see the wan na be white boy ... i know someone who found this movie hilarious -however , that person has the brains of a tadpole , and would struggle to spell her name if offered a million dollars .... that kinda sums up the mentality of this flick , ok but not great , fun but not funny ..... wake up nz - this is not a 5 star movie despite all the glowing ( middle class white guilt ? ? : - ) ) reviews .... my advice ? if you watch it , get drunk first ! ! !
judaai was a bold film by raj kanwar at it 's time in 1997 when such a topic was damn out of the box to give him his credit he does succeed in showing how greed changes a person and to what extent the person can go to get what she wants the film however is damn melodramatic , many places ridiculous one wonders why anil does n't buy a tv for his wife ? when he earns so much just to show how poor he is ? the twist is well handled but the handling is straight out of 80 's the johny- paresh comedy which entertains here and there stands out as a sore thumb as it does n't fit in the story even there are several cringeworthy scenes direction by raj kanwar is adequate though at times too melodramatic music is okay but most songs look forced anil does his part well sridevi is excellent in her part urmila is decent amongst rest kader khan is as usual johny lever is funny , paresh irritates farida is decent
saw this movie in an early preview , and i can not stress enough how bad i thought this film was . from the very beginning , the audience was groaning over pacino 's awful southern accent . poor al looked really , really haggard , and i ca n't decide whether this was purposely part of his role as a drug addicted publicist , or perhaps he just did n't get any sleep before coming to the set . much worse than pacino 's close ups , however , is the wretched excuse for a plot . early in the film we are given indications that pacino 's character is gay , and i suspect that is what the screenwriter had originally intended . later , however , we are supposed to suspend our incredulity and believe that both tea leoni and kim basinger ( both of whom are sleepwalking through lame roles ) lust after this elderly , half dead looking , effeminate man with the ridiculous accent . the worst part overall was the main plot thread , which had to do with some corporate espionage that is never fully explained and we never , ever care about in the slightest . because this was a preview i will reserve my final judgment , because of the possibility of re-shoots and editing , but you can bet i will not pay a cent to see this in theaters .
råzone is an awful movie ! it is so simple . it seems they tried to make a movie to show the reel life . just like zappa did many years ago . but unfortunately denmark lacks good young actors . leon are by many still the little girl in `` krummernes jul '' , and laura is simply not good enough to play such an important role . several times in the movie she plays with out soul and this is destroying the movie ! even though i consider it a movie you ought to see . i do not agree that the youth are behaving like this , but i think it can show how it can end , if you are letting your child down . also it is important to support danish movies and new companies like `` film folket '' ! all in all i think people should see råzone . not because it is a great film , but because it is a movies which is dealing with important themes . i also think it is important to point out that there are some violent scenes in it , and actually it is in these scenes , laura is acting best . - like the ending where she is holding the gun !
mark hamill should have felt mighty embarrassed with corvette summer ! this time , he uses a new kind of `` force '' to regain the possession of his dream machine , a bright red 'vette . it looks like another sour teen-age flick the first half-hour and does a u-turn in heading for the wrong direction . the writing and directing jobs are dreadfully done , with a few scenes you ca n't hardly take . you 're expecting this to happen anyway , and you 're also sniffing the smell of late-70s hodgepodge . only a former newcomer like annie potts would easily steal the show and save this poor movie from the repo creeps ! her impractical but delightful personality holds on to your interest for good , and this is the finest chance to see her in a swimsuit . hooray for annie ! sorry , mark ! i guess the force was n't with you this time around .
the reviews i read for this movie were pretty decent so i decided to check it out . bad idea ! this is another movie about a ghost out for revenge against a group friends . the story is stupid , mix two parts ringu with one part prom night , a sprinkle of i know what you did last summer , and add a tiny dash of single white female - now blend until completely nonsensical . there is nothing new to this plot , and revisiting the clichés i 've grown so fond of was n't even entertaining this time . this movie jumps to and from the past too much , and once i made sense of it all i realized it still did n't make much sense . characters go from sane to psycho killer in the blink of an eye . speaking of characters , they are all your stereotypical favorites - the greedy selfish lawyer , the egocentric actress , the has-been baseball star , the video voyeur , the bitter girl , the spooky quiet chick , the 'nicer-than-nice ' nice girl , a freakin ' black cat ... and i did n't care about any of them . perhaps a better writer could have made the movie work , there were some decent scenes in it , but overall this movie was a mess . i should also mention a certain 'video tape ' that would have been impossible to shoot . this movie is n't the worst asian horror has to offer by far , but it is still pretty bad . if you just want to see some creepy images in the dark , or just want to laugh out loud at some over the top acting , or just want to yell `` you 're stupid ! '' at a movie screen , or just want to have another asian horror flick up your sleeve when someone asks you how many you 've seen - this movie is for you . those seeking a decent plot look elsewhere .
here we are : two travelers from a distant futuristic world arrive on earth ... one is on a desperate mission to preserve a life , another is an inhuman killing machine determined to eliminate the woman who will give birth to the saviour of an entire race . so what could we call this killing machine ? it 's almost like he 's some kind of destroyer , or eradicator ... sort of like an exterminator or something . what 's the word i 'm looking for ... something that -terminates- things ? hmmmm .... anyway , the protector ( who swiftly doffs the white tunic he stole from luke skywalker in favour of local clothing ) finds the young woman first and impregnates her with a future-born hero-to-be . the evil uhhhh ... `` exterminator '' kills some rednecks and steals their guns and clothes , then attempts to locate the woman by visiting her workplace and asking around by looking menacingly into people 's eyes and repeating her name threateningly . then begins a desperate race for survival as the seemingly deathless and unstoppable `` exterminator '' pursues the couple across the countryside . at some point he may acquire boots and a motorcycle , but i 'm not sure . perhaps , in an exciting finale , he will attempt to crush them under the wheels of an enormous tanker truck full of ... acid . then the truck will crash . they will be saved ... but no ! he will then re-emerge , as strong as ever . he will kill the protector and pursue the girl into a meat packing plant , where in a terrifying finish , he is pushed into a large piece of industrial chopping machinery , and destroyed once and for all . but maybe i 'm extrapolating too much ... after all , i did stop watching this movie after mr. protector magically impregnates sean young by kissing her at a bar , then tells her the child will be born in 3 days . the costumes and effects are great in this movie ... i loved them the first time i saw them on star trek : next generation too ! sean young does another great turn as an unemotive replicant , and career sweat-hog stephen baldwin is also on board as young 's fat cop boyfriend . not sure where he fits into the plot though ... maybe he 's an import from a different james cameron movie ?
relentlessly stupid , no-budget `` war picture '' made mainly to show off the attributes of the spectacular eve meyer -- not a bad idea in itself -- but that should be an embarrassment to everyone connected with it . laughable `` script '' , performances that would n't pass muster in an elementary-school christmas pageant , inept `` action '' scenes , confused direction by the normally competent documentary director louis clyde stoumen -- who is apparently not quite sure if he 's making a comedy , a philosophical treatise on the futility of war or a leering t & a ( by early 1960s standards , anyway ) travelogue of eve meyer 's magnificent body -- and a general air of shoddiness and incompetence . worth seeing in order to watch eve meyer strut her stuff , but that 's pretty much it .
i bought this movie from gamestop 's discount used movie bin and the cover caused me to laugh uncontrollably so i bought it for 99cents . the movie itself is retarded and they use like ten different monkeys throughout the whole film that hardly look alike . not to mention they use a stunt double who is just a short guy in costume making a desperate attempt to impersonate a monkey . the director more than likely committed a murder-suicide with the chimpanzees after the movie debuted in a preview for some other low rent warner bros. film and he ended up owing money to the studio . it also does n't help that he was n't even infamous for the terrible job he did , he was n't even known for producing a poop-chute film . why was this movie ever made ?
it 's been a looooonnnggg time since i saw this comedy , and i 'd forgotten just how idiotic it is . i 'd place this easily in the lower two or three of elvis presley 's very worst movies . presley plays joe whitecloud , a half-breed indian bull rider who returns home to arizona and the broken-down shack where his family lives , and where his friends love to party all night long . his parents are played by burgess meredith and katy jurado , and his old indian grandpa is thomas gomez . none of the three offer anything of substance , comically or otherwise . the government has invested in the family 's cattle , but they 're lacking a bull . elvis gets to sing just a few utterly worthless songs , and is pursued by a young boy-crazy gal and her gun-toting mother . this is just a real slapdash of a mess , and the dilapidated surroundings practically stink of manure and do n't make this much easier . the one thing that puzzles me , however , is that elvis actually seems to be having a good time in the film . hard to believe , considering he got so upset about being stuck making so many mediocre movies .
after i watched this movie , i came to imdb and read some of the reviews , which compared it to lost in translation lite . when i read that i immediately could see the reviewers point . this movie was a poor attempt at a similar theme . interestingly , the format of the movie is nearly identical , but the pacing is incredibly different . `` 10 items '' rushes the viewer through the 1-day time line of the movie , whereas the better-planned `` lost in ... '' seems to stretch out over a few long days . i 'm sure some people will see this because it has morgan freeman , and will be disappointed . it seems his better roles now-a-days are supporting roles in big blockbusters , rather than leading roles in sub- $ 10mil limited release movies and indie films .
the only reason i watched this film was because i had recently read robert hough 's less than perfect , but interesting , fictionalised account of the life of big cat trainer mabel stark . beaty appears as a character in the book , in a less than flattering light . i had n't realised until checking the movie out later on the imdb that it was originally a serial . whoever edited the original running time of 233 minutes down to the 68 minuted version available on dvd has done a hell of a good job . the shortened version plays just as well as any b movie of the period despite the many 'duh-what ? ' moments . for instance are we really expected to believe our hero dug that twenty foot deep tiger trap in a morning without even getting his jodhpurs dirty ? looking over the chapter titles i see that number five is titled `` gorilla warfare '' and number eleven is called `` the gorilla '' . there were no gorillas at all in the movie . i guess that 's where some of the cuts were made . historicaly interesting .
i got this movie out of blockbuster in one of those racks were you can get like 5 movies for 20 bucks . i 'd have to say i got my money 's worth on this one . i had expected horrible dialogue , crappy monsters , and shaky cameras . well , as meatloaf said , two outta three ai n't bad . the acting is bad , though not as bad as some movies i 've seen . or maybe i 've watched so many low budget movies recently i 've lost perspective . there are some bits were the acting is downright terrible , but for the most part it 's of at least high school play level . the cg for the sasquatch in this movie is probably the second-worst part . the first thing i thought when i saw it ( and i noticed another reviewer agreed with me ) was that a man in an ape suit would have been better . clunky stop-motion animation would have looked better . so you may be asking why i call the cg the second-worst part . that 's because the very worst part of the movie is the sound effects . they are loud , annoying , and constant . i 've been camping , i know what insects sound like in the woods at night , and while they can be loud , they 're not deafening like the cacophony in this movie . usually when the `` background '' sounds drown out the movie 's dialogue , it 's a bad thing , but from what i caught of the dialogue of this film , i was n't missing much . the action was infrequent and boring . the tension was non-existent , as was any sense of empathy with the characters . speaking of the characters , they were all cookie-cutter and bland . the only mildly engaging byplay was between ... actually , i ca n't think of anything . there was a line or two that made me crack a wan smile , but that was about it . the cinematography was decent , a step or two above what you 'd normally see in a movie like this . however , it still had that `` home movie '' quality to it that you get with movies made on pocket change and a prayer . if you 're like me and get a kick out of shoestring budget genre flicks , and you see this one in the dollar bin , think about grabbing it . otherwise , stay away at all costs .
has to be one of the worst wastes of 35mm movie film ever unleashed on the public , the sequel to the at least entertaining pseudo-documentary original film `` the legend of boggy creek '' . bad script , worse acting , etc. , etc. , dawn wells had to be hoping that gilligan would come rescue her and take her back to the island just to escape from this piece of clap-trap .
when i rented this movie , i had very low expectations ...... but when i saw it , i realized that the movie was less ( a lot less ) than what i expected . the actors were bad ( the doctor 's wife was one of the worst ) , the story was so stupid ... it could work for a disney movie ( except for the murders ) , but this one is not a comedy , it is a laughable masterpiece of stupidity . the title is well chosen except for one thing : they could add stupid movie after dead husbands ! i give it 0 and a half out of 5 .
even if one did n't realize that sellers was in poor health at the time of filming and passed away before the film 's release , the fiendish plot of dr. fu manchu would be painful viewing . it is supposedly a lampoon of sax rohmer 's famous oriental villain but it lacks any focus . the potential for satirical commentary on the anti-oriental overtones of rohmer 's concept are ignored . indeed , the movie employs racist insults . there are hardly any actual jokes or gags , just mostly actors behaving idiotically and spouting dreary lines . it is especially distressing to see sid caesar forced to spout curses and racial slurs for attempted laughs . most of the other actors embarrass themselves as well . and then there 's peter sellers . he plays the dual roles of the sinister fu manchu , who is trying to concoct a formula to regain his youth and his stalwart british foe nayland smith . sellers is n't one hundred per cent bad ; he conveys a quirky warmth as smith when he discusses his fetishistic attachment to his lawn mower and he 's oddly moving as manchu when he expresses his love for english music hall entertainment . but most of the time , he plays both roles with a weary grimness , thus further sabotaging any comical possibilities . sellers ' routines where he revitalizes his fading strength with electric shocks are particularly excruciating ; he seems too convincingly agonized to be funny . a few genuinely witty lines , an apt slapstick bit by burt kwouk ( cato in the pink panther films ) as one of manchu 's minions , and helen mirren 's amusing musical numbers can not salvage this mess . if anyone wants to understand why peter sellers is considered a comedic genius , they wo n't learn anything from the fiendish plot of dr. fu manchu .
this movie had what sounded like a good premise : 9 people facing their fears to win one million dollars . unfortunately , it did not turn out to be a good movie . there are several scenes that are way too long and really pointless like the dancing scene . a few scenes are just an excuse to point the camera at female body parts . the acting is bad , but some of the lines are amusing in their awfulness . what 's really strange is that towards the end of the movie it turns into like a 5 minute western , and at the end , the twists , of which their were several , do n't make sense with the rest of the movie . it seemed as though the director just added stuff on because he thought it would look cool , while conveniently ignoring the plot of the movie up to that point . it just did n't make a lot of sense . the only creepy thing was the old people dancing down the hall , but that does n't even come close to making up for the rest of this mess .
if you read my review of syfy 's `` dinoshark '' , you know that i can appreciate the low-budget schlock that these made-for-television movies can provide . they 're stupid ... they 're silly ... but they 're still pretty fun in a `` so bad , it 's good '' kind of way . so , still smacking with guilt for liking ( and recommending ) the undeniably hokey `` dinoshark '' , i sat down to watch `` hammerhead : shark frenzy '' , a syfy original movie about a half-man , half-hammerhead monster terrorizing people on an island . with the syfy channel 's sure-fire recipe for creating b-movie creature features and a cast that includes william forsythe and hunter tylo , how could it possibly go wrong ? well , to my surprise , it actually misses the mark ... not by much , but enough to make me not recommend it . why ? well , first of all , its titular monster , the dreaded hammerhead-human hybrid , takes a backseat to a bunch of faux-military thugs who really become the movie 's primary villain . though the hammerhead does rack up the body count , he ( or it or whatever you call the thing ) only arrives just before someone is going to be munched upon and leaves directly after . the rest of the movie is filler , pitting our heroes against the aforementioned soldiers . that , to me , is just not as compelling as watching a walking hammerhead eat people ! please read the full review on my blog : www.horrormoviejournal.blogspot.com
from the what was she thinking ? file : whoopi goldberg plays a cop in the future who is teamed with a talking dinosaur ( ! ) for a crime case involving a madman who wants to start another ice-age . straight-to-tape oddity is embarrassing and ridiculous , a high-concept in search of itself . apparently this was a labor of love for its writer-director , jonathan betuel ( who also served as one of the producers ) ; sadly , the end results are anemic , to be charitable . goldberg 's mere presence on-screen can often spark good will and laughter no matter how poor the script , but here she 's drowning and you can see the unfunny results . no stars from * * * *
i got this as a turkey movie and was i not disappointed . acting - overall even though many have been in other movies it is clear that they had to work hard to act this bad so constantly over this entire movie with out accidentally letting slip some degree of acting . plot - being generous i could say that the scriptwriter did originally start with a plot but but did his best to ignore it . the plot broke down faster then a chinese knock off computer scrip - now that was an abomination of nature . it failed to flow with any rhyme or reason . the majority of the lines by the characters were at best pathetic to imbecilic . the script worked hard to make sure that no character managed to get to be considered memorable . i have watched other movies where the extras were more interesting and memorable . special effects - rotflmao ! ! ! ! ! they were short bus special directing - until you can come up with your own directing ability copy the style of your favorite directer otherwise you will only make failures like this . it is good to know that your friends/family have been giving you 10 stars for this movie
in the first one it was mainly giant rats , but there were some wasps and a giant chicken too . this one , however , is just giant rats period , well giant rats and one really growing little boy . this one is about this growing boy and a scientist that is trying to help him so he accidentally creates giant killer rats ... you know how it is . this movie has some kills and its moments , but i find it to be on par with the original , i just prefer some variety in my giant creature movies . well , that is not true ... i actually like `` empire of the ants '' , maybe i just do not care for giant rodents . all in all a rather drab movie though it does have one rather odd turn of events in this one dream sequence that is truly bizarre . i just ca n't recommend this one .
... let me count the ways . 1 . a title-only 'remake ' that pulls out every cliché in the slasher handbook . 2 . a plot so predictable that it becomes quite pathetic . 3 . a completely weak execution of all attempts at suspense or thrills . 4 . a pg-13 rating that insures no gore , violence , or sex . 5 . a villain that is not frightening or even mysterious . 6 . a cast of characters that are so thinly written and stereotyped that we could n't possibly care about them . 7 . a lack of any effectively creepy atmosphere ( much unlike the original prom night ) . 8 . a script of dialog that 's beyond poor - it 's mind numbing . 9 . a series of cardboard performances ( not sure whether to blame the actors or the lousy aforementioned script for that ) . 10 . a completely inept teen-targeted slasher remake that 's not brave enough to attempt to have an imagination - or even to show a puddle of blood . it 's a no-brainer horror fans , save your money . bomb out of * * * *
spanish horrors are not bad at all , some are smart with interesting stories , but is not the case of `` second name '' . it is badly directed , badly acted and boring ... boring ... boring , a missed chance for an interesting story .
acclaimed japanese director takashi miike ca n't seem to get the wheels moving with this torpid thriller , an adaptation of yasushi akimoto 's book concerning an evil old woman ( and child abuser ! ) who is part of a new urban legend : if your cell-phone rings with a strange tone -- and you see the message 'one missed call ' -- you will replay the message only to hear your own final words before your death . most successful part of the film is the trenchant satire of reality tv cameras intruding on the future victims , but the not-so-elaborate deaths ( which include a hidden piece of red candy ! ) are disappointing and dispiriting . the frequent shots of ravaged dead bodies are actually displayed rather discreetly , and this overall politeness may be the reason why the film is ultimately so staid . hollywood predictably jumped on the far-fetched plot in 2008 , yet the u.s. version fared no better . no stars from * * * *
i was recently online looking at a site that featured public domain movies . in their long list of films was this film and i thought i must be hallucinating at such an offensive title and premise . but , no , that 's really what it was . and since the film was only about 27 minutes long , i decided to give it a try . if it had turned out to be some porno movie , i would have stopped watching . instead , it turned out to be the most bizarre film i have ever seen . the danish production crew tried , with a budget of about $ 49 , to make a star trek-style film about a crew of very gay men traveling about the galaxy wiping out female oppression by killing all the women -- like they proceeded to do on the earth ! and in every case , they were met with cheers and thanks from the now gay men of the planet . subtle , this ai n't . with some of the most obscene and juvenile names of characters i 've ever heard , i do n't even think i can write them on imdb without having my review removed ! however , despite the utter crappiness of it all , it was strangely watchable and worth a peek . but , as i mentioned already , due to the crude names and odd subject matter ( though no nudity ) , it 's a film for adults only . by the way , this movie left me with 1001 questions as to who would make this , why make it and who was the intended audience ? ! it may not be the absolute worst thing i have ever seen , but it probably is the weirdest and possibly the most offensive !
mind , my friends and i saw the movie based off it 's title alone . it 's cute , though obvious in it 's plot and direction -- you know where the movie is going within the first five minutes . my main contention with the plot is that while it remains tolerably consistent , they never explain a lot of the things behind the characters . an alcoholic father , overworked mother , stressed-out sister ... that 's a bad family , but aside from the occasional mention from the sister , there 's not any resolution . i was also confused as to the scene with the bottles ... it seemed pretty random . the writing is a secondary concern ... the kids were n't bad actors , but their script left a lot to be desired . unfortunately , what could have been a cute niche movie was pushed aside for a single , blah special effect , lame scripting , and a glaringly obvious plot .
kojak meets the mafia . telly savales is one of those guys from the past that seems pretty forgettable . i never thought that his show was all that great . this is his one dimensional characterization of a crime boss , with very predictable results . if you take the car chases and the general rambling out , there is n't much plot development or action . i find mafia movies to be dull because i have no respect or interest in common criminals and their actions . hollywood , and in this case , the italian cinema , treat these guys as heroes . i saw the film and in a few days i wo n't remember much about it . lots of shooting , innocent bystanders dying , betrayal , and that sick loyalty . the film is photographed pretty well and the acting is decent . but the dubbing is so bad ( due to voices that just could n't come out of those bodies ) , that i almost started looking for godzilla approaching the bay .
my comment is for the russian version of space race named bitva za kosmos ( battle for space ) shown on russia 's first channel on april 10-13 , 2006 . bad translation could have ruined some details but i doubt it 's the case . the number of factual errors is such that it 's impossible to list them , especially in the first episode ( the development of first missiles ) . even the u.s. half of the film contains multiple errors and omissions . the audience is not told of any v-2/a-4 launches from the u.s. three different jupiter c rockets are launched with the same serial number 'ue ' onboard . apollo 1 is to be launched to the moon , etc . in the russian half , each and every person is ludicrous . korolev is scared of nkvd , glushko is saboteur and traitor , mishin is alcoholic etc . men as functions ; no motivation , no life at all . uniform and decorations are awful . gagarin sings a frivolous song awaiting launch ( i think this was added specially for russian version ) .
first off to get my own personal feelings out of the way let me start by saying that i hate so called comedies where every single character is written and played as being so stupid that you wounder if they 're all the result of inbreeding . now i will say this i did see the first three american pie movies and while they were n't the most amazing movies that i 'd ever seen they were all right ( and outright masterpieces compared to the three `` american pie presents '' films ) , i still feel compelled to ask what the hell were they thinking when they made this movie ? i also have a few other questions too . who thought that this was an acceptable use of studio funds and production resources ? who approved the final script ( and what was that person smoking when they approved it ) ? and lastly why did anyone think that it deserved to be released into theaters where the average cost of admission is between 10 and 15 dollars depending on where you live when it should have gone straight to the discount bin at blockbuster or wal mart ? there is so much wrong with this movie that i ca n't write a really comprehensive review of it because it would exceed the maximum allowed words on this forum so i 'll just touch on the biggest things wrong with it . the plot is generic uninspired and stupid and characters are all about as interesting as watching paint dry for eighty minutes but the biggest thing that i can see wrong with this movie is the acting . while most of the cast are talentless no namers who will probably be forgotten in a few years , the one and only big name in this movie is eugene levy who spends almost all of the time he is on screen with this knowing smirk on his face that says to the viewer `` i know this is n't funny and i 'm wasting my talents but hey i 'm getting payed for it so who cares '' he does n't even try to make any of his jokes funny ( he really deserves better than this garbage ) . as i mentioned above most of the rest of the cast are horrible even though some of them have been in some really great tv shows , tyrone savage ( from the classic canadian series wind at my back ) plays a character who is so unbearable unlikeable and irritating ( there are things that he could teach to tropical skin diseases ) that you almost wish he 'd die a slow and painful death on screen , christopher mcdonald ( ncis , law & order ) just hangs around on screen and wastes what talent he does have by being in this film . maybe the next film in this series will just be a soft core porn with a story line so they can get around the mpaa and get an r rating this movie goes all out with pointless nudity vulgarity and pointlessly offencive sexual content that it should have gotten the x rating ( the ratings board must have been drunk or on drugs when they reviewed this film for its rating ) . it 's interesting that twenty five years ago when wes craven submitted a nightmare on elm street to the mpaa for a rating review they forced him to cut twenty five seconds of footage ( i believe that it was part of a death scene that had a silicone casting of a breast in it ) to avoid getting an x rating and he had no other choice but to do it or the film would n't have been released , but this kind of needlessly offensive trash can get the r rating today because it 's all done in the name of comedy , if this movie was a drama or horror film with this kind of content there would have been a huge stink over the content and it would havegotten the dreaded x rating . the last thing that really annoys me is the writing , this movie is written to play out like the wet dream of some twelve year old kid with an extremely overactive sexual imagination its quite juvenile and extraordinarily crass , nearly every expository situation that is supposed to move the corpse that this movie calls a plot along is so telegraphed that any intelligent viewer can see it coming a mile away and and the so called characters are just stereotypes of stereotypes of stereotypes , never mind the often repulsive sexual references and constant unnecessary scenes of deviant sexual behavior it feels like this film was written by some incompetent first year hack in a low rent film school script writing class . the long and short of it is its time to kill this series before it gets any stupider more crass and offensive , this pie is filled with road apples .
okay . look- i 've seen lots and i do mean lots of these types of films . you know , the ones where the dvd cover just look so good and scaarrryyy that you just cant wait to see it ? well , i got got again . and i 'm getting ' pretty tired of it . but i digress . it 's pretty simple . it sucked ( i know , rather juvenile ) but it did . andi so agree with the other poster that if we had to sit through the boring thing , why oh why did the lead actress have to be so unnattractive ? distractingly so if i may add . and the scowl she used convey unresolved pain/grief over the death of her daughter did little help . i mean , jesus .. oh , but the crawling-on-her-back-demon thingee was pretty neat ...
absolutely the worst film yet by burton , who seems to be getting worse with each film he directs . a miserable script loaded with cliches is only the first of many objectionable aspects to this film . this is the kind of movie where every time something happens , you 'll be sure to hear someone shout out `` he 's lost his gun ! '' or whatever it is to let everybody know . carter is really awful and so is wahlberg , who ca n't play this straight and be convincing . very nice effects and photography , but poor music in the john williams mold by burton 's crony elfman . heston appears in a nonsensichal scene to spout out his most famous catch-phrases from the first movie . very poor results . if anyone else out there also saw `` sleepy hollow '' , they will probably have noticed , as i have , the declining quality of burton 's films . i 've heard that this particular project was produced by others and that burton was brought in as director , in which case his judgement should be questioned . but i think he has allowed any possible vision he might have had earlier in his career to slip ; the evidence is there in the films . in `` sleepy hollow '' , he could n't decide what kind of movie he was making , whether it was a comedy or a real horror movie , and the population of british character actors ( chris lee , etc . ) made you also think it was kind of a monster rally film ( those are never scary , as horror fans know ) . the movie could n't succeed on either horror or comedy because it was so schizophrenic , and no style had been developed to smooth the two together . `` planet of the apes '' is much the same way , and the result comes off more like `` total recall '' or `` tango and cash '' than like sci-fi . he 's also fallen into the rut of so many other `` big '' directors of trying to satisfy the entire possible audience . word to burton , if you 're out there -- pick something and do it straight , or use some style to peice it all together ( as in `` mars attacks '' or `` beetlejuice '' ) or you might as well retire , because people like me that are fans of your movies will stop going .
another of many nearly forgotten movies cranked out by poverty row in the 1930 's , resurrected by the magic of dvd . starring stock universal player lionel atwill ( often a supporting actor in numerous frankenstein movies ) as a pair of twins involved in a murder racket . one kills the victims ( stockbrokers involved in a scam ) and asks witnesses for the exact time , while the other is deaf and is proved `` innocent '' because he could not have spoken to witnesses . of course , where it falls apart is if it was a congenital deafness , would n't they both be deaf ? oh , well . atwill does a pretty good job here , faking being deaf and mute . unfortunately , no one else here can really act worth a darn .
if you are hoping for anything new , you have chosen the wrong movie . who can think that a movie that is a virtual replay of it 's predeccesors can be good . maybe the producer and maybe the director but hopefully they were not serious when they made this thing . this whole movie is like making a greatest hits dvd of the 1st 3 films , but changing the actors . bhhaaaad .
( rating : 21 by the film snob . ) ( see our blog what-to-see-next for details on our rating system . ) here 's a movie that will have you clawing at your own face in an attempt to earn release from the on-screen tedium . you 'll not be wringing your hands , nor rolling your eyes , nor sighing into your popcorn . no indeed . for a movie of * this * averagousity , only clawing at your own face will do . when you begin to claw your own face -- as begin you must ! -- start in at the lower portion . you 'll need your upper portion , with its handy tear ducts , intact for the truly tear-jerking third act which may bring you to your knees if you have n't clawed your way clear of the entire theatre by then . in a season celebrating joe six-pack and hockey moms as the new gold standard for leadership and foreign diplomacy , permaybe a movie this tedium will be welcomed as a thing that anyone could create . * watching * it , however , is a much more dangerous undertaking . here 's our story ... sidney young , the london publisher of a fourth-tier celebrity/entertainment magazine is just about to see his magazine go under . he needs a miracle , and what he gets is a phone call from new york city , in the usa . the publisher of sharp 's magazine , clayton harding ( played by jeff bridges ) says `` come work for me ! '' with his own employees carrying out the fax machine out of his apartment/office in the background , saying `` yes '' is a no-brainer . soon sidney is at work in new york city , doing allllllll the wrong things . his interviews consist of asking broadway musical directors if they are ( 1 ) jewish , and ( 2 ) gay . he kills the pet dog of sohpie maes , the industry 's hottest movie star , when she leaves it in the magazine 's offices during a business luncheon . this is a spot of bad luck for everyone , for , among other things , sidney imagines that he is in love with maes , before he wakes up to the dunst character . worst of all , he totally alienates alison olsen ( played by winsome scripting-confusion by kristen dunst ) , a colleague assigned to show him the ropes of the magazine * and * the big apple . ( we have , of course , been to a movie before , and so we know how this relationship is going to end up . this is therefore why we 'll need intact tear ducts for the movie 's third act . ) the problem with the thing is , the script just never jells , excepting for the one tear-duct set piece in which true love prevails . publisher harding is supposed to be a son-of-a-bitch who also wants to just throw the whole job over . the script never comes down firmly on one or the other sides of this dichotomy , however , and bridges is left to twist and waffle in the breeze . alison olsen is supposed to despise sidney young , but whenever he comes up to her ( as he does constantly ) she makes a point of engaging him in conversation , instead of attempting to discourage his existence . the `` comedy '' of early scenes is built around a piglet destroying an expensive hotel room , and then taking the elevator downstairs to urinate on the expensive high heels of a celebrity at a cocktail reception . the hot starlet maes confesses that she is attracted to young because he is `` wounded . '' the character never shows us * why * he is wounded , however . this is yet another resultant of the movie 's mortally wounded script . at one hours and fifty minutes , this thing feels longer ( and more deadly ) than napoleon 's retreat from moscow . it is uninspiring , unfunny , unredeemable , and not even rentable . run away
in fact , it 's basically the same movie.and they could n't even get the time line of events correct.maybe that was intentional due to laziness or not caring.either way , this thing is a real woofer.it does n't even deserved to be called a movie.i viewed this as a so called second feature on the disc containing the original the boogeyman.i thought my head would explode , and i urge you to run as far in the opposite direction of this thing , if you should be cursed with the misfortune of combing across it 's path.it should come with a warning label like : warning-may cause your i.q to drop several points if you are within it 's vicinity.for me , there 's no doubt this thing is a 0/10
ah , lucio fulci , rest in peace . this infamous italian is most famous for `` zombie , '' and the absolutely unwatchable `` the psychic '' and `` manhattan baby . '' well , add this to the unwatchable list . the plot , as it were , concerns a nekkid woman who wears a gold mask and a g-string . she wants the power of a young dubbed stud who has a set of magic arrows and a bow . they are magic because they glow . arrow boy teams up with a guy in a bad wig , and they spend most of the movie rescuing each other from flat action sequences . in the end , the nekkid chick is defeated , but not before taking the mask off and reminding me why i broke up with my high school girlfriend . fulci bathes every shot in an orange glow and fills the screen with smoke . nothing like a smoky orange action sequence to make you crave sunny delight and a cigarette . the special effects are laughable . in one sequence , our ambiguously gay duo are attacked by dozens of arrows that are obviously pin scratches on the film itself . the majority of the effects budget must have been spent on the fulci-licious gore , which consists entirely of spurting wounds . hey , we can all use a good spurting wound once in a while , but when you get into spurting wound overkill , it gets boring . i kept having to play with the brightness setting on my tv anyway just to see what the heck was happening . there is lots of talk of fulfilling omens and prophecies , so let me do a little look into the future ... if you find this movie and watch it , you will regret it . the scene on the video box ( by media ) does not appear in the film in any context whatsoever . `` conquest '' is a con job . what mst3k could have done with this ! this is rated ( r ) for strong physical violence , strong gore , female nudity , brief male nudity , and mild sexual content .
i only today , picked this up at the 99 cents only store today , and i still think i got ripped off . `` dream to believe '' is a pretty boring and unrealistic gymnastics drama and $ 1 is just too freakin ' expensive for this . this film is probably only notable for 2 things : 1 . it has a young keanu reeves . and 2 . it 's directed by paul lynch , the man who also did promo night . now onto the movie . it 's about a girl named robin ( played by olivia d'abo ) who is badly injured from a car accident that also cost her father 's life . so the accident prevents her from competing in gymnastic tournaments , she is often picked on during her classes and eventually she meets some wild kid named tommy ( played by keanu . ) robin , when not in training , works part-time , along with her mother and stepsister , at a laundromat owned by her abusive stepfather . eventually she is chosen to compete . overall , keanu alone and some catchy 80s tunes are what prevent me from giving this 1 star , and it 's also not one of the worst movies ever , but still far from good . the dvd itself is not getting any medals either as it appears to be sourced from an old vhs and towards the end , the sound goes out of sync and when the end credits are almost over , it fades to black , even though sound can still be heard . so this can probably be passed as a bootleg . the dvd artwork makes no sense either as it has what appears to be recent photos of keanu and olivia and the background has nothing to do with the movie , as it 's also not in the movie itself , so the cover 's obviously photoshopped . in any case , avoid at all costs , unless you 're a keanu fanatic . i probably wo n't be hanging to it any longer . i 'm probably gon na give it to the cinema snob , who 's a great yt critic btw . hey , if any of you have any crappy movies that they no longer want in their sight , feel free to donate to him to keep his show running .
this is supposed to be well-researched and based on fact . how come therefore that it 's so packed with mcgovernisms . did the people of derry live in some kind of bizarre philip k. dick world in which reality was uncannily like cracker/ liam/ priest ? or is mcgovern an idle hack who just keeps repeating hims
last of the johnny weissmuller tarzan films and a good thing too , as this is easily the worst of the 12 films he made over a period of 16 years . no mermaids are featured here either as a beautiful island woman tries to escape the clutches of her people , who worship a god and try to force her to be its bride . she finds tarzan and jane , who try to protect her . george zucco is present as a potentially villainous high priest but is n't used to his full advantage . also on hand and worthy of mention is a hugely annoying guitar player/singer who goes into song every so often . even the `` great '' robert florey ca n't aid this one . * 1/2 ( of four )
this movie is a good example of how to ruin a book in 109 minutes . except for the names of the characters the movie bears very little resemblance to the book . a book full of strong latino characters and they are represent , for the most part , by non-latinos . there is no character development in the movie and we have no reason to love or hate the characters . and to delete a complete generation is inexcusable . isabel allende has written a powerful book and the book is what should be read !
my , how the mighty have fallen . kim basinger is a great actress but she was definitely slumming when she took this role . this movie is bad for one reason in particular : lapses in logic . its looks like one of those movies that would have been passable with all its plot holes if it had came out in the 80s and 90s but in 2008 it just looks real stupid . this is the worst thriller i 've ever seen and i 've seen the bone collector and twisted . the story details della ( kim basinger ) is just getting from buying gifts in a mall an is harassed by a gang of thugs that end up killing a cop that came to her aid . from then on she is chased by these idiotic goons through an abandoned street and she gets rid of them one by one with a toolbox full of tools . so many things are wrong with this movie . as i said this movie leaps over logic at every turn and with the exception of kim basinger , the acting is made-for-tv bad . hell , this pseudo thriller is made-for-tv bad . the way she kills each of these politically correct thugs ( 1 caucasian , 1 hispanic , 1 asian and 1 african american all coming together to stalk a caucasian woman . do n't you just love america ? ) is laughable to a fault . the way she killed the hispanic guy made me laugh hysterically . the sex scene with the main hoodlum was so out in left field that it make you shake your head in shame . i only recommend this to lovers of bad films and no one else . anybody else especially kim basinger fans would do well not to own this flick . you do n't want see an actress you respect in a film this bad now do you ? of course not . you were warned .
let me be clear . i 've used imdb for years . but only today i went through the trouble of registering on the site , just so i could give this movie the lowest possible rating . i 've seen hundreds of films , some of them bad , a few awful . never , though , have i seen such a contrast of pretense and incompetence , of high intentions and failure . mira sorvino is horribly cast as the princess , but entirely unbelievable as phocion , a young boy . fiona shaw is always an entertaining character , but the dialogue in the film is much worse , even , than in the insipid french play that is the source ( marivaux never reached hollywood until now , and we should keep it that way ) . to illustrate , for example , that leontine is a brilliant , passionate philosopher and scientist , she is shown frantically pouring chemicals from beaker to beaker , shouting out names of famous scientists . and the romance between agis and the princess is played even sillier . for this , the pair should receive a joint 'clair danes ' award , which in a just world would be awarded for gratuitously anachronistic and uninspired re-interpretation of interesting teens from literature as brats of the 1990 's ( see miss danes in les miserables ) . aside from the atrocious plot and dialogue , there are some attempts to introduce artistic tropes into the filming . for example , there are moments when a handful of spectators are faded in and out of view of the action , sitting in chairs , watching the principal characters . the director wants us to realize she 's adapted a play . i get it . but it does n't happen at all until far into the film . at that point , seeing a crowd of people sitting in chairs for a moment , then disappearing , is creepy and distracting . they 're like some sort of un-scary zombie crowd , appearing through the mists , filling us with dread . when you see the horrible frolic and song that ends this movie , you 'll want to rouse your own crowd of zombies and kill them all for the grave injustise of poisoning your mind for 112 minutes . -matthew mcguire
just another example of why stepehn king 's books should not be made into movies . ( even carrie , one of the best , is ruined in the adaptation from book to screen . ) the premise of the story revolves around a fat lawyer , always on a diet , who `` accidentally '' kills an old gypsy woman . in court , with the help of the judge and the local police chief , he gets off , even though the accident was sort of his fault as he was not paying attention as he was driving . the father of the dead gypsy woman places a curse on the 3 , with our main character , billy ( the lawyer ) getting thinner and thinner by the day . though the movie kept with the book , for the most part , and has your typical king ending , the acting was stilted and felt forced . we went from one scene to the next without much of anything in between , sort of like reading acts in a play . king himself made a cameo in the movie ( sort of like dave barry ) , which reinforces my belief that authors should stay just that : authors . leave the acting to actors . not that anyone in this movie was that great . i 've seen the major characters in movies where they were much better .
the idea was awesome , the actors were incredible , the story could of been very scary , but the writing was poor and there was no depth . i could n't really get into this movie . i could n't feel for the characters , there were a lot of cliffhangers , and the movie just ends very weirdly . was it a happy ending ? i do n't know . was it a sad ending ? again , i do n't know . you leave the theater feeling unsatisfied . the movie had so much to give , but could n't . just because you can edit , does n't mean you should , right ? i would n't really recommend this movie because you just ca n't say that you left the movie feeling like it was completed . you 'll just be confused . trust me , you will probably thank me if you do n't watch this movie . 3/10
stephen king adaptation ( scripted by king himself ) in which a young family , newcomers to rural maine , find out about the pet cemetery close to their home . the father ( dale midkiff ) then finds out about the micmac burial ground beyond the pet cemetery that has powers of resurrection - only of course anything buried there comes back not quite right . below average `` horror '' picture starts out clumsy , insulting , and inept , and continues that way for a while , with the absolute worst element being midkiff 's worthless performance . it gets a little better toward the end , with genuinely disturbing finale . in point of fact , the whole movie is really disturbing , which is why i ca n't completely dismiss it - at least it has something to make it memorable . decent supporting performances by fred gwynne , as the wise old aged neighbor , and brad greenquist , as the disfigured spirit victor pascow are not enough to really redeem film . king has his usual cameo as the minister . followed by a sequel also directed by mary lambert ( is it any wonder that she 's had no mainstream film work since ? ) . 4/10
falls into the film category of `` way too ridiculous in the dialogue and execution departments to be taken seriously '' . whereas shriek if you know what i did last friday the thirteenth or my boyfriend 's back know they are bad , scarecrows does n't . evil dead set such a high standard for the comedic horror on a budget genre , that scarecrows is simply out of place . suspicions of inexperience are immediately at play as there are no hints of noise or vibration in the hull and cockpit of an airborne plane . the repeated display of a picture of 3 men just screams for a story arc , but nothing comes . although the men are obviously the scarecrows , there is no explanation . knowing this film is too serious for it 's own good may produce some grins . i do n't recall if joe bob briggs ever previewed scarecrows , but i believe that he would n't stoop this low . however , with an imdb rating of over 6 , there are many people that disagree .
what an unusual movie . absolutely no concessions are made to `` hollywood special effects '' or entertainment . there is no background music , not special effects or enhanced sound . facial expressions are usually covered by thick beards and the spanish language is a strange monotonic lilt that sounds the same whether in the midst of a battle or talking around a campfire . i sort of viewed these movies ( parts 1 and 2 ) as an educational experience , not really something to go and get entertained by . its quite long and in places dull . but i suspect that given the lack of any plot development , i do n't think its very educational either . its also difficult to perceive any story from the movie dialogue - it would be a good idea to read up a little on the history so that you can understand the context of what is happening , since for some reason the director did n't see fit to inform the audience why che 's band was moving around the way they did - as a result there seem to be groups skulking around the woodland for no particular reason and getting shot at . i would have loved to give this movie more stars for somehow generating more empathy with me and developing depth of character , but somehow all of the characters were still strangers to me at the end . the stars it gets are for realism and showing the hardships of guerrilla warfare .
a young man kills a young woman for no reason . the man 's brother is jailed on charges that he was an accomplice , but soon escapes . upon escaping , the seemingly innocent man kidnaps three victims and soon he ropes his girlfriend in on the plot . if this is n't bad enough , the situation quickly makes a downward spiral . this film had some good aspects and many bad ones . its strongest aspect was lead actress emily haack . setting aside the fact she 's nude in a fair amount of this film , she presents herself as a decent actress and a very strong character . i see no reason she can not take this experience and somehow turn it into a career in some way . i was convinced she was a ruthless individual . also , the makers of this film were very bold and pulled no punches . graphic nudity ( both male and female ) , coprophagia , and extreme anal violence are not shied away from . i like my horror films to push the boundaries a little bit , and this one ignored them altogether , gladly skipping towards gomorrah . maybe it was too much , but i think they achieved what they were looking for . but now the negative aspects . first , and most noticeable , this film is very low budget and the film quality shows this . i can excuse that -- the plot was decent , the acting fine and in some scenes the lower quality film actually made the movie more disturbing ( a more realistic feel ) . so , i wo n't scold them for having low-grade equipment . what i will scold them for is the use of poor choices in shots . for no reason i can ascertain ( besides plumping the movie ) , there is a large amount of footage of a cemetery . i do n't really know why , and i frankly started dozing off at this point because it was so long and pointless . i also take issue with the title . the idea here was to deceive people into thinking this film had some connection to the classic `` i spit on your grave '' . now , there is a line that seems to imply the main character is the daughter of the woman from this other film . and the themes are very loosely the same ( a woman getting revenge on men ) . but there is no firm connection and the reason this title was chosen was for the video store customer to think they were getting a sequel . this was deceptive and dishonest . my last major complaint is that this plot makes no real sense . not even a little bit . a woman is killed in the beginning for no reason . a prison escapee finds time to kidnap people to torture them , for no reason ( because they wronged his girlfriend ? ) . the same man goes from good to very evil without explanation . likewise , the female lead ( haack ) turns fro ma normal person to someone who is overly cruel and sadistic , for no reason at all , and against people who for the most part were only marginally mean to her ( a neighbor offering drugs for sex is wrong , but by no means worth getting tortured for ) . do n't let this title fool you , or the claims that the film is incredibly shocking . yes , some scenes were shocking , but the vast majority of the film is dull and makes you want to take a nap . if you see this in the video store or on netflix , just keep browsing . or rent it , and we can sit around and vent about it for hours . you have been warned .
i feel totally ripped off . someone needs to refund the $ 4.95 i spent at blockbuster to rent this homemade mess . this is not a musical it is a complete waste of time and my evening . what i do n't get is why did this get distributed in the first place ? ? ? ... somebody must have been doing some heavy drugs the night that deal was made . i 've seen better films come out of film schools and i have been to film school so i can say that as a fact . the quality of this work is also just so very bad to view ... shot on dv ? ? ? nuff said . the songs are not songs but just banter that sounds the same in every section . want to see a good musical ? then do n't rent this movie .
i am guessing the reason this movie did so well at the box office is of course eddie murphy . i think this was his first movie since `` beverly hills cop '' so at the time he was hot . considering that one made over two hundred million and it was r and this one made about 80 million and it was pg does say it was not all that popular . i have never been a big eddie murphy fan , so that is probably another reason i did n't care for it much at all . this one has eddie as some sort of finder of lost kids . he must find the golden child or the world is in terrible peril . the plot is very bad , but as bad as it is it does not compare to the special effects . i had seen better stuff done in the 70 's than some of the stuff this one offers , ray harryhausen did better stuff . still the main reason you see a movie like this is because of eddie , unfortunately he is not very funny in this one at all and it just seems stupid to put him in the `` raiders of the lost ark '' type scenes . i guess they were hoping for a fish out of water effect , but to me it just did not work .
hey , if your going to make a documentary about leonard cohen try making it about leonard cohen ! this is filled with only enough leonard to anger the viewer who will be left wondering why they are listening to all these other singers ( some of them questionable ) talk about themselves . puleeze .... sounds like them reliving their diary entries in junior high - who cares about you , what about leonard ? guess what people , if you `` do something '' worthy maybe someone will make a documentary about you . i found particularly insulting the parading of u2 's members as if that would add credibility to this movie - not . leonard does n't need bono or the edge talking about his spirituality . what would have been nice would have been for the filmmakers to embody some piece of his spirituality through the film . gee , what a concept ! i will give props to rufus wainwright and jarvis cocker for their covers of cohen tunes - the rest of the performances were a bore and some were unbearable . cohen fans , do n't say i did n't warn you !
the film portrays france 's unresolved problems with its colonial legacy in western ( francophone ) africa through the befuddled and complex psychoanalytical prism of a young woman , france ( herein symbolically representing her nation ) . it is an often engaging and challenging portrait of a young woman 's desire to come to terms with a traumatic moment in her past , in particular , and a nation 's desire to reach out to the 'other ' it once 'owned ' and moulded . this is reflected in the way in which it centres entirely around the notion of travelling ( or being in transit ) from the present to the past ; remembered realities to undeniable contemporary political and economic actualities . the characters all play a symbolic , albeit a limited and unconvincing role . france , meant to be a visual as well as a totemic representation of contemporary french society , leaves one indifferent to her plight as she seems still to be imbued with the same naiveté she enjoyed as a child-in fact as a child she seems more in possession of her reality . the rest of the rag-tag ensemble is just forgettable . the black africans are , to say the least , offencive impressionistic portraits of former colonised peoples now colonised by the director 's poor handling of her material . they are no more than a dark and moribund backdrop against which the blythe-like france wonders seeking a world she never knew , and hoping for one that can never be found in cameroon .
it 's one of those dramas that 's so bad that it almost hits the point of being very funny , the script is absolutely dire , direction appalling , lighting purely armature , the only thing letting it down from a true so bad it 's good feel is that the sound design is only quite bad ; it adds no suspense to the story although trying hard , but does n't at least destroy any speeches . there 's continuity problems of seasons of out door shots throughout . and finally last but not least the acting is appalling . for a professional production it very much has the feel of a university media project you have to feel sorry for the sorry for anyone who had to put their names to this .
when i saw this at a shop i thought it looked really good and original . like wolfs creek meets texas chainsaw massacre , and i mean it only cost three quid ( around $ 6 ) . to be honest i do n't think it was even worth that . it seemed like the directors- the 'butcher brothers ' could n't decide whether wanted to do a artsy sort of horror or a gory slasher horror . it ended up with a cliché ridden gory sadistic hour and fifteen minutes with all the characters being one dimensional and you could n't care less what happened to them but to try to make the audience care about the characters they added a useless monologue at the end and the beginning of the film which to be perfectly honest was n't needed . the only good part really was the middle/end- i wo n't ruin it for you . but that was the only `` good `` part . overall a pointless watch . it felt like a two hour film but was in fact only 75 minutes . if you want an artsy film-do n't bother . if you want a slasher movie- do n't bother- the film moves so slowly with nothing ever happening .
having seen `` triumph of the will , '' i can only say this movie is ghastly , even measured against the historically low `` standards '' of the time . naturally it 's all totally fabricated and prejudicial . this is what one would expect of 1930 's german propaganda . unfortunately , the quality of the presentation , itself , is hackneyed and cheap . it 's also so blatantly ridiculous that even contemporary germans must 've left the theater holding their noses . in a genre renowned for its base appeal , lack of originality and unapologetic wrong-headedness , this film does n't even qualify as `` bad . '' it would have to improve significantly to attain that status !
sky captain is possibly the best awful movie i 've seen in a long while . rife with amazing cg and special effects , studded with an a-list cast ( jude law , gwyneth paltrow , angelina jolie and the infinitely likable giovanni ribisi ) and racing along with an overused but indiana jones-esquire storyline , this should have been a great movie to watch . 'should have ' being the key term here , of course . jude law plays joe the sky captain with a dashing accent and plenty of over-the-shoulder , heart-melting smirks , but you ca n't make something out of nothing , and even his flippant deliveries and boyish good looks ca n't save the movie 's stone dialogue . ( if he had slapped giovanni ribisi on the back and said , `` good boy , dex , '' just one more time , i might have barfed all over the guy in front of me . ) gwyneth paltrow , as polly perkins , is nothing less than nerve grating . her nasal whining and not-quite-sarcastic comments get old in the first ten minutes of the movie . perhaps she put too much effort into playing the stereotypical 30 's comic book heroine- who knows ? i expected more from her . an example of how a similar character was played ( and played well ) is in the late 90 's flick `` the phantom , '' starring kristy swanson and billy zane . rent the movie and you 'll know what i mean . giovanni ribisi and angelina jolie were the saving graces in the film . ( angelina jolie was incredibly hot in that eyepatch . i 'll admit it . ) in just a few short scenes , both actors somehow managed to rise above the tired material and deliver a more riveting performance than their dry , two-dimensional castmates . the plot and steady story progression were old , boring , and basically just a monotonous combination of every good scene from an action movie in the past thirty years . the pace is rapid-fire in the first half of the movie , and a snail 's pace in the second , giving the audience enough time not only to guess the eventual conclusion of the film , but to figure out who the key villain is as well . the pairing is rather clichéd , also- polly perkins and sky captain apparently reunite after several years of separation from a bitterly-ended romance , and their story is n't so much charming and eclectic as it is annoying and mismatched . when they finally come to terms with their mutual feelings towards the end of the film , nobody 's surprised , and nobody really cares either . props to the director for appreciating bai ling enough to dress her in skintight vinyl for the entirety of the film , and also for the intriguing sepia tones that served as coloration throughout . but sky captain , despite having all the essential elements of being a great movie , falls flat on its face . not even worth the $ 2.75 i paid to get into the theater .
gritty , dusty western from director richard brooks , who seems thoroughly engrossed in the genre while keeping all the usual clichés intact . early 1900s horse race attracts a low-keyed cowboy ( gene hackman ) , a suave gambler ( james coburn ) , a cocky kid ( jan michael vincent ) , and even a female ( a surprisingly game candice bergen ) . once the preliminaries are out of the way ( with the predictable arguments over whether or not a woman should take part ) , this becomes a fairly engrossing entry , though one which breaks no new ground ( it instead resembles something from gary cooper 's era ) . good-looking , if overlong piece has macho verve and a fine cast , yet the mechanisms of the plot get tiresome rather quickly . * * from * * * *
being a fan of the manga and anime of go nagai ( devil man , devil lady , violence jack , etc . ) , i was looking forward to this one . i 'd seen neither the manga nor the anime , so i had no preconceived notions going in . good thing , too . what we have here is a series of silly softcore movies of the type that used to turn up with alarming regularity on cable channels late at night . while it 's tame compared to what gets rammed down the throats of regular cable viewers ( our hero 's naughty bits are either tastefully tucked away behind a strategically glued-on scarf or emblazoned with a ridiculous sunburst effect ) , there are prolonged scenes of bondage and torture that lend the proceedings just enough smarminess to make it unsuitable for the kiddies . while i have nothing whatsoever against nude female heroes , i do dislike amateurishly made movies ( there are at least four in this series ) . on the plus side , there 's at least one stunningly beautiful actress in each of the four episodes i saw . it 's no wonder nagai 's testicle boy never made it ...
how did this become a blockbuster ? dear god i do n't know where to start why this movie sucked too much . the movie was predictable & there was no originality . the only thing i can admire is the acting of some characters . the movie was too bright , they should have done something with the lighting , eg . making the environment more darker . the make up on certain dead characters made this movie look like a 1970 horror flick . this is 2006 ! people do n't get scared by other people wearing heavy make up . most of the horror scenes we 're taken from other hollywood or asian horror movies . total rip off ! this is why i do n't watch tagalog movies . the only reason why so many people `` screamed '' while watching this movie is because of conformity . how many times do we have to copy scenes from the ring and improvise it that instead of the girl coming out of the tv , its now coming from the window next door ? no matter how you put it , its still a rip off . if you want a good horror movie , go watch the 50 best horror movie listed on this website .
i was always curious about this film because it is so tough to find , so when i stumbled upon it on ebay i forked over the $ 10 and bought it , now i understand why its so rare ! this film is so bad , so terribly written and hopelessly low budget that the ending credits , which show all of the cut scenes where they fumbled their lines , are literally the movie 's highlight . the film is about a psychic ( pettyjohn , cast for one obvious reason , her topless scene ) whom uses her powers with an experimental machine to pull objects from another dimension into this reality . when she pulls in some kind of box like object the military nonchalantly throws it into the open back of a truck with one soldier to guard it , and gee , what do you know ? surprise ! a kid in a foam-rubber monster costume pops out , instantly kills the soldier with a scratch across his face , then escapes to a nearby city . but rather than deploy half the armed forces of the county to find it and protect the public those in charge just leave it up to pettyjohn and ray to find it on their own , but no matter , this movie blows all its credibility long before then . this barely escapes being voted a 1 by me only because of unintentional laughs , somebody needs to alert the producers of `` mystery science theater 3000 '' if they do n't know about it already ! 2 out 10 , really , really bad !
the lives of the saints starts off with an atmospheric vision of london as a bustling city of busy , quaint streets and sunshine . i was hoping it would maintain this atmosphere , but it gets bogged down in a story that goes pretty much nowhere . othello works for big , fat mr. karva , his crime-boss step-dad ( at least i think that is what he is supposed to be because it 's never really defined , but he does drop kittens into deep fat friers , so trust me , he 's a prick ) doing scrappy little errands while his skanky girlfriend gives daddy hand-jobs . one of his colleagues is runner , a black dude who is always dashing from a to b . until the day he comes across almost mute homeless child who grants him his wish of being able to stop running . runner dumps the lost boy in othello 's flat , where he promptly starts granting more wishes . keen to have some of his own desires fulfilled , karva has the boy kidnapped . but he is n't sure of what would really bring him happiness . is it the innocence of being a child again or is it another hand-job ? either way , i do n't want to see the little boy grant him the second . it just takes ages to get going and there are loads of repetitive scenes . the ending tries to be shocking but since there 's hardly any back-story on investment in any of these characters it only serves as a release for the bored audience . writer tony grisoni , a favourite of terry gilliam , tries to blend in some kind of religious allegory which ends up being pretentious as all hell , ironically . if he gave us something more accessible or at least had better explanations for the characters suddenly acting all weird then it would have been a more enjoyable film . as it is , we are introduced to a bunch of annoying loudmouths who then miraculously seem to develop intelligence when confronted by the mysterious boy . who 's origins are never revealed . that 's just plain irritating ! aside from sporadic moments of atmosphere and a moody score , this film has little to recommend .
i can appreciate what barney is trying to achieve , but after sitting through this last night at a college movie house , i could n't help but think ... when is this gon na end ? a very long and ponderous two hours and fifteen minutes . i had only seen a part of cremaster 3 on dvd and thought i knew what to expect . that said , experimental films such as this are better digested in small increments . there are a couple of beautiful/horrible images ... including the title sequence ( no kidding ) , but if you go into this expecting any kind of plot or meaning , then you are in for a long , snooze-inducing ride . i managed to stay awake for the whole thing ( if that 's a compliment ) but more often than not , i was waiting for some kind of meaning or narrative ... big mistake . among the collection of images are a very ornate gift-wrapping ceremony , the creation of a disgusting dish of what appears to be petroleum jelly slabs formed with a cookie cutter and sprinkled with shrimp ( this is served to the crew of the ship which is shown throughout the film ) , a large blubber cheesecake with a large tentacle turd placed in the center of it , and the mutual evisceration of bjork and director matthew barney which eventually culminates in some bizarre kind of communion , followed by their transformation into whale-like creatures . the soundtrack is at times beautiful and annoying ... sometimes even maddening . at one time , there is a song being sung by bjork to go along with the ephemeral rituals being played before us , and at other times there is just a constant droning of a high-pitched instrument , which we see a mysterious woman playing at the beginning and end of the movie . if this sounds like it does n't make sense , that is because is does n't ! if this sounds like your cup of tea , then you will absolutely love it ! if this sounds like something that you probably wo n't like , then stay far away from it , because you will most likely walk out of the theater during the halfway mark like several people at the screening i attended . this is the very definition of an art film . you get from it what you take from it . but otherwise , there really is n't much there , other than a few oddities and constant construction and deconstruction rituals . i 'm glad that there is a place for films such as this , but i ca n't say i would want to sit through it again . however , i ca n't say i would n't want to see one of barney cremaster films from start to finish and compare it with this . i think , perhaps now that i know what to expect i might enjoy something like this more . to give you an idea of what kind of comprehension factor this film has , i probably would 've liked it better if i had gotten stoned . then again , it could 've felt twice as long as it was , and then it would 've really gotten ponderous . definitely not for everyone .
i appreciate the need to hire unknowns for these kind of 'horror ' movies , but they should at least hire some proper actors . the sergeant especially is guilty of using his monotone to bulldozer every single line he has . but let 's face it , the lines are n't really important . there is n't really a recognisable plot , so most of the writing involves the words f * * k , s * * t , m * * * * * f * * * * r and other assorted bad language in place of proper dialogue . the 'story ' as it is , is mostly made up of seemingly random gore and death , with a couple of cringe-worthy 'surprises ' , which happen around 10 minutes after you see exactly what 's going to happen . not only this , but there are several glaring plot holes and continuity errors ( why are they going in there ? did n't he have a weapon ? was n't he dead ? ) , so it makes the whole film seem as if it has been cut down by the several hours it would take to fix them . another film which simply relies on blood and gore instead of any real cinematic experience .
there is no doubt that this film has an impressive cast but unfortunately this does n't help with the major downsides to the movie . i never understand why directors ask actors/actresses to use accents not their own when it is obvious to everyone they ca n't convince . fiennes just ca n't do irish and fitzgerald is n't much better at russian . when the voice is wrong then no matter how good the acting the character will never be convincing . as the for the major problem .... the plot .... was there one ? i guess there was some sort of storyline involved but it was so full of holes that i just could n't wait for the film to end ... it was ridiculous . save 90 minutes of your life and do n't watch this movie !
there is good . there is bad . and then their is the sentinel , a bottom-barrel political `` thriller '' that ranks among the worst movies i have ever seen . the plot of a mole in the secret service is a good one , but never has a movie with so much potential been so utterly butchered . directed with ham-handed `` edginess '' by clark johnson , every actor in this film seems to be working on autopilot . even the great michael douglas looks bored here . i can honestly say i have never , in all my life , viewed another film with so many glaring plot holes . the twist is predictable from square one , and the character 's motives are so utterly ridiculous that they inspired laughter from the audience . avoid this at all costs . this is a catastrophe of a movie with no redeeming value .
title : robot jox ( 1990 ) director : stuart gordon cast : gary graham , anne marie johnson , paul koslo review : stuart gordon who we usually associate with extremely gory horror films such as re-animator , from beyond , dagon and castle freak , took a small detour here and did a little sci-fi flick . i stress the word `` little '' since this is a very low budget flick , and there in lies its main weakness . the story takes place in the future . a world in which the great superpowers ( that according to this movie are the united states and russia ) duke out their differences not by going on a full blown world war ... but by fighting gladiator style battles with gigantic robots . our hero achilles must go up against the evil russian robot fighter called alexander . lots of cheap stop motion animation ensues . well , the idea is awesome i guess . the great nations settleling territorial disputes with giant robots ? interesting premise and one that could have been handled properly if the proper budget had been available . unfortunately what could have been a fun movie ends up being an embarrassment for an otherwise great director . i as a kid loved this movie , and i guess if you want any enjoyment out of this movie , you 'll have to revert back to little kid mode to have some fun with it . i showed this film to some of my friends and as the movie progressed my friends where like `` what the hell is this piece of crap franco ? '' and i 'm like well this movie is a sci-fi by one of my favorite directors stuart gordon ? '' but as the movie progressed into corny territory i almost felt like pressing stop and not having them go through that torture . i could go through it , cause i loved this film as a kid , and there 's still a little nostalgia attached to watching it . but everyone else was just not going to get it . and i myself realized that the movie is n't really that good . first off . the movie is about giant robots kicking the hell out of each other . and in order to achieve this in a credible fashion you 'd have to use some damn good special effects to make it work , expensive effects that would help us the audience suspend disbelief . but unfortunately this being a small scale movie , from a small scale company ( empire pictures , which went bankrupt after making this film ! ) the effects only help us giggle and laugh at them . heck even the sets and some of the wardrobe looks unfinished or half assed . ok granted , once you accept that you are watching a mixture of moderate stop animation and miniatures well you can sort of give in to the film and even enjoy the big robots kicking the hell out of each other . there are certain scenes when the robots are fighting that are kinda cool , and made me go `` thats why i liked thid movie ! '' but every know and them , some crappy effect will take you right out of that protective little cocoon you were trying to hide in . and boom , your right back into realizing this film just does n't live up to its premise . and heres another thing that sort of bothered me a bit about the movie . this movie is basically a movie for kids . you know , giant robots duking it out ? stop motion animation ? hello ? but this movies dialogue had a lot of sexual innuendos and the violence gets a little bloody . so i kept asking myself is this a kids movie or not ? after a while i just came to the conclusion that basically this was a kids movie with adult sensibilities , which really is n't a good mix . so for those of you who do n't feel that certain naive childlike charm of watching two robots fighting each other and if you do n't have a nostalgic connection to this movie ( like i do ) well id suggest you steer clear away from this one . gordons a great director , but this movie he made , just did n't do it for me . well , at least not now that i 'm a full grown adult . rating : 2 out of 5
williamson 's accent is tough to wade through . he speaks incredibly quickly , like he is in a rush to get through the lines . during the soliloquies he acts as if he is talking to someone , when he is supposed to be talking to himself . all that and his bald spot just annoyed me . he was just too old for this role . in reading other accounts of williamson , maybe he got this role because he was mad and the director decided to do a bit of life-imitates-art or forced method acting . when the actors declare hamlet mad you believe it ! marianne faithful is a stunning beauty and could botch the role of ophelia and still get a pass . the set is dark and foreboding but it does look as if shot in a real castle especially the scenes in the tunnels/corridors where the dead king shines as a great light in the sky .
while it contains facts that are not widely reported , it is not exactly the truth . they took a lot of liberties in rearranging events , excluding people , and using sets that do not meet the facts of their lives in the 30 's . there were more than just bonnie , clyde , and w.d . in the gang at various times , and those people had as much to do with the facts as those included . buck and blanche went to convince clyde to go straight much earlier than the one shootout , and in fact got drawn back into crime . some of the events that were portrayed in daylight actually took place at night . bonnie 's wound was much more severe and never healed right . it was so bad she had to be carried around by someone until it healed up , and even then it stiffened up so she walked stiffly . clyde also walked with a limp because while in prison he cut off a big toe . i know , i 'm being nit picky , and it was a tv movie , but even without these factual errors in this `` true '' story , the movie moves too fast from event to event and comes across more as several separate snapshots of their lives , rather than being a cohesive flowing story . i 'd recommend reading a book or seeing a documentary if you want to get closer to the truth .
i am very surprised to see such a high rating for this film , and of the few reviews that there are to be positive . i saw the movie and was pretty dissapointed . i did n't find it very enjoyable at all . it was slow , and lacks the entertainment value . even the murder scenes are lackluster , with real close-up shots of generic stabbings that do n't look good at all . and the supposed great twist ending is really not much , i did see it coming , and then the ending just seemed cliche . this movie may not get much mention , but by the little that it does get , it is overrated . i would not recommend this movie .
it is so sad . even though this was shot with film i think it stinks a little bit more than flicks like blood lake , there 's nothing out there & . the music they play in this is the funniest stuff i 've ever heard . i like the brother and sister in this movie . they both do n't try very hard to sound sarcastic when they 're saying stuff like `` my friends are going to be so jealous ! '' hey , whats with the killer only wearing his mask in the beginning ? thats retarded ! i practically ignored the second half of this . my favorite part about this movie is the sound effect they use when the killer is using the axe . the same exact sound for every chop !
'dead letter office ' is a low-budget film about a couple of employees of the australian postal service , struggling to rebuild their damaged lives . unfortunately , the acting is poor and the links between the characters ' past misfortunes and present mindsets are clumsily and over-schematically represented . what 's most disappointing of all , however , is the portrayal is life in the office of the film 's title : there 's no mechanisation whatsoever , and it 's quite impossible to ascertain what any of the staff really do for a living . granted , part of the plot is that the office is threatened with closure , but this sort of office surely closed in the 1930s , if it ever truly existed . it 's a shame , as the film 's overall tone is poignant and wry , and there 's some promise in the scenario : but few of the details convince . overall , it feels the work of someone who has n't actually experienced much of real life ; a student film , with a concept and an outline , but sadly little else .
if you 're a fan of mystery science theater 3k , attack of the giant leeches , or pinata survival island , this movie might be for you . i live in nashville and i did n't even know of this movie 's existence until the day prior to its release , when the advertising company panicked and blanketed music row with dozens of fliers and billboards . it barely lasted two weeks in theaters anyway . bad acting , bad writing , and poor production only begin to describe this embarrassment of a film . for starters , the names are a bit much : bo price , angel , and dixie ? eesh . toby 's awkwardly slow delivery of lines makes one wonder what production assistant got stuck holding the cue cards off camera . angel 's character rapidly transitions from her city-slicker ways to a cowgirl , slipping into southern slang after two days on the ranch . her wardrobe goes from chic to a female version of toby 's -- in fact , in the final scene , their outfits are identical , making one wonder if the wardrobe assistant called in sick . the audio is inconsistent - perhaps the most noticeable example is when toby decides to go for a swim and his voice suddenly sounds like he 's shouting in a gymnasium . there 's never quite enough explanation or character development to suffice what happens on-screen . overacting , exasperation , grimaces , and moodiness best describes the actors ' interpretation and direction of the terrible script . this movie is best enjoyed after consuming a couple of alcoholic beverages and in the company of your wittiest friends . but that 's not saying much .
that is the only thing i can positive to say about this movie . cleveland is the star , i 've been there and never saw the city look this good . beautiful river and cityscapes . this movie moves ahead at such a pace they hope you wo n't notice the lack of real world relevance . people running around and shooting guns without any consequence . for example , there is a shoot out at rob lowe 's character 's house- two cars are stolen , and yet the cops do n't show up there till much later in the movie . murder for hire never looked so implausible . whoever wrote this movie should be on the receiving end of one the movies countless stray bullets . many of the actors in this movie are so much better than this . i check the date of the movie just to make sure it was n't written during the writers strike but alas this was not the case . this movie is currently in rotation on universal 's hd channel- unless you want to drool of over lowe there is no reason to watch it .
imagine a woman alone in a house for forty five minutes in which absolutely nothing happens . then this goes on twice more . the writing is flat and lifeless , and jokes unfunny , and the bad acting keeps you from caring about any of the characters , even when they battle wolf packs and get beaten up by fraternity goons . anyone that ranked this movie higher than a two is not fully sane .
the movie is just as fun as staring at the sun.sheriff pataki is a total retard that loves nothing better to do than sit on his fat rear making a smoke ring from his puffy cigars and drinking booze while the doctor acts like a zombie version of nicholas cage sucking up all that so called `` blood '' which in reality seemed like fruit punch . most of all the plotting seemed very horrid to even call this piece of crap a movie.the rest of the characters in this movie are total wastes of time , the ending was awful , the outlines were cheesy , and the scenes were terrible . what else more should i say to you viewers out there ? my advice would be to get your rabies shot if you 've already watched the movie . this movie may give you the foam in the mouth if you did n't get your up-to-date shots .
oh a vaguely once famous actress in a film where she plays a mother to a child . it ` s being shown on bbc 1 at half past midnight , i wonder if ... yup it ` s a tvm you ` ve got to hand it to tvm producers , not content on making one mediocre movie , they usually give us two mediocre movies where two themes are mixed together and nowhere to hide is no different . the first theme is a woman in danger theme cross pollinated with a woman suffering from the pain of a divorce theme which means we have a scene of the heroine surviving a murder attempt followed by a scene having her son sam ask why she divorced ? and being a tvm she answers that the reason is `` that people change `` rather than say something along the lines like `` i ` m a right slapper `` or your daddy cruises mens public toilets for sex `` as does happen in real life divorce cases . and it ` s young sam i feel sorry for , not only are his parents divorced but he ` s as thick as two short planks . actually since he ` s so stupid he deserves no sympathy because he ` s unaware that a man flushing stuff down a toilet is a drug dealer , unaware that you might die if someone shoots at you , and unaware that i love lucy is painfully unfunny . if only our own childhoods were so innocent , ah well as orwell said `` ignorance is strength `` . oh hold on sam is suddenly an expert on marine life ! is this character development or poor scripting ? i know what one my money ` s on . and strange that sam the boy genuis hasn ` t noticed that if the story is set in 1994 then why do people often wear clothes , drive cars and ride trains from the 1950s ? but as it turns out during a plot twist it ` s the mother who ` s the dummy . then there ` s a final plot twist that left me feeling like an idiot for watching this
hollywood does it again . lots of money , no creativity . i 'm sure the writers were on something other than oxygen when they wrote this one . based on the previews , i thought that this would be a funny movie . but if you are not up on the latest stupid pop culture then you 'll miss most of the silly humor in this movie . why waste your time . you can sit on a log doing nothing and have more fun than this movie will provide .
`` the return of chandu '' is notable , if one can say that , for the casting of bela lugosi as the hero rather than the villain . why he even gets the girl . the story as such , involves the black magic cult of ubasti trying to capture the last egyptian princess nadji ( the delectable maria alba ) and use her as a sacrifice as a means of reviving their ancient leader who just happens to look like nadji . lugosi as chandu , who possesses magical powers , tries to thwart the villains . director ray taylor does his best with limited resources and extensive stock footage . fans of king kong ( 1933 ) will recognize the giant doors that were used to keep kong at bay in several scenes . the acting is for the most part , awful . the actor who plays the high priest ( i believe lucien prival ) for example , uses that acting coach inspired pronunciation that was so common in the early talkies . the less said about the others the better . it is a mystery why lugosi accepted parts in independent quickies at this stage of his career , because he was still a bankable star at universal at this time . maybe it was because in this case he got to play the hero and get the girl , who knows . as his career started to spiral downwards in the late 30s , this kind of fare would become the norm for lugosi rather than the exception .
this is the biggest insult to tmnt ever . fortunantely , officially venus does not exist in canon tmnt . there will never be a female turtle , this took away from the tragic tale of 4 male unique mutants who will never have a family of their own , once gone no more . the biggest mistake was crossing over power rangers to tmnt with a horrible episode ; the turtle 's voices were wrong and they all acted out of character . they could have done such a better job , better designs and animatronics and no venus . do n't bother with this people ... it 's cringe worthy material . the lip flap was slow and unnatural looking . they totally disrespected shredder . the main baddie , some dragonlord dude was corny . the turtles looked corny with things hanging off their bodies , what 's with the thing around raph 's thigh ? the silly looking sculpted plastrons ! ? if they looked normal , acted in character and got rid of venus , got rid of the stupid kiddie cartoon sounds ... and better writing it could have been good .
when you go at an open air cinema under the greek summer night you usually do n't care what the movie is ! edison started really good with some good effort from the singers-who-want-to-be actors and a once again great morgan freeman but ... ( in a movie there is usually a good start to catch audience , done , a bit boring yet story filling middle of the movie that is more about characters and less about action , done , and the third part is something really good so that you can remember the movie ... ) when you see 30 elite police officers ( packed with weapons that can demolish a building ) shoot at a guy behind a car , fail to hit him even once while he kills all ( but 3 ) and then the guy takes out a flame thrower ( to kill the rest 3 ) , you realise that the greek summer sky filled with stars is way too good to be distracted by a movie like this !
i made a special effort to see this movie and was totally disappointed with the outcome . on paper , the script seems hopeful , and the choice of actors leaves one with hopes - i liked pacino in scent of a woman and have seen anny duperrey and marthe keller in several french and other films of the 70s/80s . but i had forgotten how important a part dialogues can play in a film , and in this film they are absolute ..... trash ! the filming locations were also attractive but the hopeless , pretentious and forced dialogues pulled the whole thing down to sub zero level . in addition to that , i am pretty allergic to the world of motor racing and find no interest in this sport . even the inelegant dialogues in `` love story '' were better than the ones in this film ( and that 's saying something ! ! ) . i was really expecting better from this film and was very disappointed to have been let down so much .
for me , this movie just seemed to fall on its face . the main problem for me was the casting of glover as a serial killer . i do n't know whether this grows out of type-casting or simply his demeanor , but i doubt glover could ever portray a convincing villain . he 's a good guy , and that 's always obvious in his performances . other than that the film is your run of the mill serial killer story . nothing very innovative .
well , i like to be honest with all the audiences that i bought it because of kira 's sex scenes , but unfortunately i did not see much of them . all sex scenes were short and done in haphazard manner along with all the weird and corny background music just like all other b movies - it just does n't look much like two people having sex . there is a tiny bit of plot toward the end - kira 's new lover is a killer . whoa ! ! ! how shocking ! ! ! why do n't we nominate this movie for oscar award ? i ca n't imagine how bad the movie would look like if it were r-rated ( mine is imported from uk , rated 18 ) . conclusion ? put it down and walk away , so yon wo n't end up with being a moron like me . score : 2/10
when i first tuned in on this morning news , i thought , `` wow , finally , some entertainment . '' it was slightly amusing for a week or so ... but we have to face it , these news reporters ( if one can even call them that ) have way too much `` playing around '' time . at first , i thought jillian was a breathe of fresh air . but seriously , this woman has got not the least bit of journalist in her . she is very unprofessional . she keeps on interrupting steve when he starts informing the viewers about a certain news report . it 's just really become annoying to the point that i ca n't watch it anymore . jillian is not a good journalist . hell , she 's more of a celebrity who loves being a celebrity . hence , she instantly transforms into a celebrity around celebrities whom she 's supposed to be interviewing . she 's not very professional and quite possibly perceives her relationship with celebrities more important than being a rightfully insatiable journalist- and that 's all i can say about her . also ( disappointingly ) , this show has more entertainment news than necessary news reports about the world , the government , the us , or something that will benefit and/or serve the public 's best interest . they 're too focus on sensationalism that everything they talk about comes off as a commercial product . on the other hand , their field reporters are interestingly tolerable ... i believe `` good day la '' is for young teenagers and celebrities , and it is definitely not for people who actually care about the news . side note : ( i 'd really rather watch ktla . however , they try so hard to be entertaining sometimes . they 're still a bit dull though . oh well , i 'll stick to nbc 's `` today . '' abc 's `` good morning america '' is also okay ... as long as diane sawyer does n't become way too serious . )
harold pinter rewrites anthony schaeffer 's classic play about a man going to visit the husband of his lover and having it all go sideways . the original film starred laurence olivier and michael caine . caine has the olivier role in this version and he 's paired with jude law . here the film is directed by kenneth branaugh . the acting is spectacular . both caine and law are gangbusters in their respective roles . i really like the chemistry and the clashing of personalities . it 's wonderful and enough of a reason to watch when the script 's direction goes haywire . harold pinter 's dialog is crisp and sharp and often very witty and i understand why he was chosen to rewrite the play ( which is updated to make use of surveillance cameras and the like ) .the problem is that how the script moves the characters around is awful . michale caine walks law through his odd modern house with sliding doors and panels for no really good reason . conversations happen repeatedly in different locations . i know pinter has done that in his plays , but in this case it becomes tedious . why do we need to have the pair go over and over and over the fact that law is sleeping with caine 's wife ? it would be okay if at some point law said enough we 've done this , but he does n't he acts as if each time is the first time . the script also does n't move caine through his manipulation of law all that well . to begin with he 's blindly angry to start so he has no chance to turn around and scare us . ( never mind a late in the game revelation that makes you wonder why he bothered ) in the original we never suspected what was up . here we do and while it gives an edge it also somehow feels false since its so clear we are forced to wonder why law 's milo does n't see he 's being set up . there are a few other instances but to say more would give away too much . thinking about the film in retrospect i think its a film of missed opportunities and missteps . the opportunities squandered are the chance to have better fireworks between caine and law . missteps in that the choice of a garish setting and odd shifts in plot take away from the creation of a tension and a believable thriller . instead we get some smart dialog and great performances in a film that does n't let them be real . despite some great performances and witty dialog this is only a 4 out of 10 because the rest of the script just does n't work
if you want an undemanding and reasonably amusing hour or so , then it 's ok to watch this . it 's not all that bad , really . yeah , it 's got more lapses in logic than i care to describe here and might tax the patience of people - like myself , i have to admit - who are inclined to throw things at the tv on occasion , but it 's funny at least . just because it 's not always intentionally funny , there 's no need to let that get you down . however , if you 've read the book - or any of the other books by brookmyre - then you 'd probably best avoid it . i 've read them all and when i first watched this film , i despised it . i 've trashed it in detail and at great length on another site , in fact . the tv plot bears practically no relevance at all to that of the book and served only to outrage and infuriate many faithful ( and admittedly rabid ) brookmyre fans . best bit of advice .. ? watch this , then read the book and only then make your comparisons and submit your judgement .
now do n't get me wrong , i do enjoy christmas movies . i love its a wonderful life and i really enjoy the versions of a christmas carol with george c. scott and alistair sim . but this particular movie is awful . i think the i love life song the ghost of christmas present sings is especially painful . albert finney sings fairly well in annie . i do n't know whats wrong with him in this movie but it sounds as though someone is trying to sing through a mouthful of dead gerbils . the only thing that saved this movie for us was shutting the sound off and watching the dance numbers accompanied by the south park christmas cd .
i borrowed this movie from library think it might be delightful . how wrong am i ! it is such a bad movie that i have to write something about it . mira sorvino is so bad in the movie , it is very painful to watch the scene with her . she is a pretty girl , but in this movie , she is not seductive at all , but i will have to witness her awkward attempt to seduce almost all the other major characters . it is so ridiculous . and the dialog of the film is so pretentious , and lack the humorous fact that make then acceptable . totally failure .
leave it to paul `` sex on the brain '' verhoeven to come up with a pointlessly sleazy and juvenile version of the invisible man story . if he 'd direct a pokemon film , i 'm sure he 'd turn it into some massive orgy of sorts . i do n't mind sex or even sleaze ( check my other reviews ) on film but frankly , it 's obvious the director has a one track mind and he could n't see interesting aspects about an invisible man storyline than the kinky implications it comes with it . it 's a shame because it could have been good if the film did n't spend so much time having an invisible kevin bacon grope women . the game cast of actors does what it can with the one-note cheesy script but i felt bad for some of them , including william devane , who is totally wasted here . but then what could i have expected from the director of showgirls , which , btw , is much more entertaining than this stilted & bad film .
i dislike this movie a lot . if you 've read the puzo 's books , or at least have watched very closely the two first movies ( specially the first one ) , you 're going to agree with me . compared with the corleone 's saga presented by puzo 's novel , the script of this film is , sometimes , even ridiculous . the characters and the relationships among them are distorted . the story ends up reaching nowhere , although it appears to go to some direction during the movie . it is understandable that different times should be expected for the corleone 's saga in the 90 's , and that we would not gon na find things the way they were before . but , in the other hand , i do n't know why they had to copy some dialogues from the other movies , in contexts when they did n't fit . why this ? it sounds like those poorly made sequels that just try to copy the original film 's qualities . what will never be understandable is the fact that mario puzo , coppola and al pacino joined together to make this . a man who directed pieces like apocalypse now and godfather has to be forgiven for almost anything he does in cinema until he dies . so does al pacino , for being the actor he is . but mario puzo should n't have written this . how come ? he damaged all his previous work . what a shame , my friend . the puzo 's novel `` the last don '' is a 90 's story about the mob , and it is great . we can never tell the same about the plot for the godfather iii .
this is to the zatoichi movies as the `` star trek '' movies were to `` star trek '' -- except that in this case every one of the originals was more entertaining and interesting than this big , shiny re-do , and also better made , if substance is more important than surface . had i never seen them , i would have thought this good-looking but empty ; since i had , i thought its style inappropriate and its content insufficient . the idea of reviving the character in a bigger , slicker production must have sounded good , but there was no point in it , other than the hope of making money ; it 's just a show , which mostly fails to capture the atmosphere of the character 's world and wholly fails to take the character anywhere he has n't been already ( also , the actor was n't at his best ) . i 'd been hoping to see ichi at a late stage of life , in a story that would see him out gracefully and draw some conclusion from his experience overall ; this just rehashes bits and pieces from the other movies , seasoned with more sex and sfx violence . not the same experience at all .
warning : review contains mild spoilers a couple of years back i managed to see the first five films in this franchise , and was planning to do an overview of the whole elm st. series . however , just two years on and i find i ca n't remember enough about them in order to do it – i guess they could n't have made much of an impression . from what i do recall , some of the sequels – dream warriors in particular – were n't as bad as is often made out , though even the original was no classic . generally , the predictability of the premise ( if people fall asleep they get murdered in their dreams ) does n't lend itself to narrative tension . but while i can not recall much of the first five films , i do know they never plumbed the depths of freddy 's dead . an indication of how sick of freddy the public was at this point can be judged by the fact that the film was promoted solely on the character 's demise . the fact that the movie 's conclusion is not even hidden , but in fact the entire purpose for the film 's being goes to illustrate how vacant , soulless and cynical this venture was . taking the morally questionable idea of having a child molester as the charismatic villain , robert englund 's in-no-way-scary interpretation booms with laughter . i always thought freddy 's mockery of the teenage victims was less aimed at the characters than at the teenage audience that could ever watch this tripe . it 's like englund 's crying out `` we know this is garbage – but you 're paying to see it , so who 's the one laughing ? '' and i 'm sure victims of child abuse would be disheartened to see such an insensitive depiction of their plight . was freddy 's appearance in the films always so rudimentary ? all he gets to do here is a few `` haaaaaaaaaaaaaarr – har – har – hars '' and that 's it . if this was the only elm st. film you 'd ever seen you would n't get to know the character at all . even as the character pre-death in a flashback englund plays him as a boo-hiss pantomime villain with a slop of transatlantic ( ie . overstated , misplaced and not at all funny ) irony . acting is almost universally poor . just look at how many times breckin meyer overacts with his hand gestures and body language . only kananga himself , yaphet kotto , keeps his dignity . and when roseanne , tom arnold and alice cooper show up , you can almost visibly see the film sinking further into the mire . the script , too , is absolutely lousy , almost wholly without merit . carlos ( ricky dean logan ) opens a road map , upon which the noel coward-like freddy has wittily written `` you 're f * * ked '' . when prompted for the map , carlos responds `` well the map says we 're f * * ked '' . who wrote the screenplay , oscar wilde ? or how about the scene where carlos is tortured by freddy , his hearing enhanced to painful levels ? so freddy torments him by threatening to drop a pin – a potentially fatal sound , given that all sounds are magnified . oddly , the fact that carlos shouts at the top of his voice for him not to drop it seems to have no effect . `` nice hearing from you , carlos '' , quips freddy , hoping some better lines will come along . it 's also worth noting that dream sleep does n't occur instaneously , so being knocked unconscious would n't allow instant access into freddy 's world . though as part of the narrative contains a human computer game and a 3-d finale plot logic is n't that high on the list of requirements . the teenagers heading the cast this time are really the most obnoxious , dislikeable group in the whole series . tracy ( lezlie deane ) is the only one who gets to greet freddy with `` shut the f * * k up , man '' and a kick in the scallops . and was incongruous pop music always part of the ingredients ? freddy 's dead . no laughs . no scares . no interest . no fun .
well , how do you even rate a movie such as this one ? does it even have cinematic value really ? it 's a movie that tries to get as close to being a snuff movie as possible . basically the entire movie is purely a bunch of guys torturing a young girl . not very appealing and on top of that also not that realistic really . it 's obvious that the movie tried to be as realistic and shocking as possible . however the movie is just all too fake for that to work out as intended . the slapping and stumping is all soft and fake looking , as well as sounding . they are often just kicking into the floor , rather than into the girl , obviously . also the way the girl responds to all the torments is pretty tame . i mean if this was real , surely she would had screamed it out . there is more moaning than screaming in this one though . the movie is obviously low budget and it 's a valor attempt at trying to achieve something shocking and realistic as well as original and provoking , with very limited resources . do n't really think this movie made much impact though at the time it got released , though it must had done something well , since a total of six sequels got released after this one . fans of shock and gore will most likely be disappointed by this movie , though there are still some fetish people out there who will get a kick out of this movie . 4/10
it utterly defeats me why godard is taken so seriously - and one plus one is a great example of his ineptitude as both a filmmaker and an 'intellectual ' polemicist . it 's hard to credit that godard actually believed all that marxist and maoist kant . anyone with half a brain could work out the bankruptcy of those 'isms ' and how many people they had destroyed and were continuing to destroy even as godard was making his films supporting them . as a filmmaker , ask yourself : would you have boring voice-overs reading tedious political diatribes at your audience , and then , when you could n't think of anything else to do , layer another voice-over to the first voice-over , which had lost its listeners after the first 100 words in any case ? brilliant , jean-luc ! as for godard insisting on making a film with the rolling stones : of course he did ; would n't you ? it was the only guarantee of getting such mindless rubbish seen in the first place : the genius of the stones eclipsing a talentless and babbling political idiot set loose with a camera . the bookshop scene was n't worthy of even the worst fringe theatre , and was an insult to the intelligence of even the young children who were used to play in it - as could be readily seen . copping-out by allowing friendly critics to claim that all this artless crap was a satire on mainstream film-making is no more than a safe get-out to offer those who clearly see godard 's poverty of intellect and arrogant contempt for his audience . ironic that godard 's one-time great friend , truffaut , with nuit americain , made the best film about film-making ever , and godard made the worst with le mepris ! incidentally , godard did n't choose the stones ' track of sympathy with the devil . it just happened to be the track they were working on when the 'film ' started shooting at barnes olympic studios .
following the success of `` paris , je t'aime '' , a group of directors decided to get together and make a similar anthology style film based in new york . unlike the original film , the stories in this film seem to sometimes come and go too quickly -- by the time you think are getting into a story , it 's over in too many cases . and , the often start up and stop and then begin again -- with the stories woven together . as a result , there is no title to indicate that a story is complete and it is less formal in structure . sadly , however , while `` paris , je t'aime '' was hit or miss ( mostly hit ) , most of `` new york , i love you '' was miss . the stories tended to be much more sexual in nature but also far less sweet -- and often quite terrible . it was an amazingly dull and uninteresting film with only a few exceptional stories -- and perhaps the often depressing music made it seem more so . now understand , it was good quality music but its somber tone really , really made me feel like cutting my wrists ! among the better ones was the story about the young man who took a girl in a wheelchair to prom , the couple talking about cheating outside a restaurant ( though this was also in the first film ) and the crotchety old couple . this is all so sad because i had loved the first film so much -- and i really wanted to love this film . i respected what they tried but simply did n't like it very much . by the way , and this is not really a complaint , but i was amazed how many people were smoking in the film . for a recent film , that was unusual in our more anti-smoking culture . also , if you get the dvd , there are two segments included as extras that were not included in the film . one consists of kevin bacon ( wearing a cool fedora ) eating a hotdog .... and absolutely nothing more for almost ten minutes . the other features a teen who spends the film videotaping the world -- including a very unhappy couple .
many of the lead characters in hideo gosha 's 1969 film `` hitokiri '' ( manslayer ; aka `` tenchu '' -- heaven 's punishment ) were actual historical figures ( in `` western '' name-order format ) : ryoma sakamoto , hampeita takechi , shimbei tanaka , izo okada , ____ anenokoji . the name `` hitokiri , '' a historical term , refers to a group of four super-swordsmen who carried out numerous assassinations of key figures in the ruling tokugawa shogunate in the mid-1800s under the orders of takechi , the leader of the `` loyalist '' ( i.e . ultra-nationalist , pro-emperor ) faction of the tosa clan . what was this struggle about ? sad to say , you wo n't find out in this film . `` brilliant history lesson '' indeed ! no , gosha is much more interested in showing you the usual bloody slicing and dicing and ( at absurd length ) the inner torment of the not-very-bright killer izo okada than in revealing actual history . sakamoto , for example , was someone of historical significance , considered to be the father of the imperial japanese navy . the closest gosha comes to providing a history lesson is the scene in which sakamoto , whom takechi considers a traitor to the loyalist cause , comes to takechi 's mansion to try to sway him ideologically . he begins by talking about the international political situation , with foreign warships in japan 's ports and a japan that is too weak militarily to defend against them . want to know more ? sorry . gosha cuts off this potentially fascinating lecture in mid sentence ( ! ) . so much for informing his audience about a turning point in japanese history . the film left me in utter confusion about the aims of the two sides in this struggle . for the two and a half centuries that the shogunate held central power in japan , it was an institution dedicated to preventing social change , to preserving the feudal relations of society . it was fearful of outside contamination , both ideological and technological . in keeping with this spirit , it outlawed firearms , those instruments of `` leveling '' in europe and the americas , with which a peasant could have stood up to a samurai . throughout this period , the emperor was nothing more than a spiritual figurehead . but , in the towns , which stood in neutral zones between the feudal fiefdoms , a new class of merchants , landlords and craftsmen was developing -- the class known in europe by its french name , the bourgeoisie . inevitably , as this new class gained strength , it chafed against the many confines of feudal society . as in europe , the king ( emperor ) became the central figure in the bourgeoisie 's struggle for power against the feudal aristocracy . but a political leadership does not always fully understand the interests of the class it serves . when the outside world arrived with a bang in 1853 , in the form of u.s. admiral perry 's `` black ships , '' the ruling elite of japan was thrown into a crisis . their military was no match for these foreigners . also , they had heard about the havoc the british and french imperialists were wreaking in china . what should japan do to save itself from the fate of its weak neighbor ? surprisingly , some elements within the usually isolationist shogunate were inclined to open trade with the foreigners in order to obtain some of their advanced technology . this is the point of view represented ( just barely ) in the film by sakamoto . on the other hand , the emperor-loyal ultra-nationalists , represented by takechi , believed they could keep out the foreigners by force , if only they could prevent the other faction from `` selling out the country . '' ( sound familiar ? ) thus , the assassination of key shogunate figures is in order -- and away we go . takechi 's motivations were , for me , the film 's biggest puzzle . gosha suggests that he is fighting mainly for his personal advancement rather than for the loyalist cause . can we take this to represent the tenor of the loyalists as a whole ? ( do you care ? ) several reviewers have compared this film favorably with `` goyokin , '' which gosha made in the same year . but , where `` goyokin '' is a crackling , suspenseful , adventure yarn , with a hero worthy of sympathy , `` hitokiri '' is plodding , nowhere near as compelling and lacks such a hero . sakamoto could have been this film 's hero but we are not allowed to know him -- nor what he stands for -- well enough for him to achieve that status . in view of his wonderful scores for five previous kurosawa films , masaru sato 's score here was very disappointing , sounding like something rejected from a `` bonanza '' episode . barry freed
you know you 're in trouble when the opening narration basically tells you who survives . it all goes downhill from there . unnecessary , `` matrix '' -influenced bullet-time camera work . pointless cuts to video game footage . crusty old sea captains and wacky seamen . ravers who become skilled combatants in the blink of an eye . even the zombies are boring . i was hoping for at least a `` so bad it 's good '' zombie movie , but this one is `` so bad those involved with its creation should be barred from ever making a movie again '' .
here 's an interesting little movie that strictly gives the phrase `` low budget '' a horrible name . our physics teacher who has about nine kids creates a strange serum that causes `` molecular reorganization '' . students are hopelessly killed from fake coincidences of submarine sandwiches and flying school supplies . sounds like a resurrection of classic b-movies from the 50s , right ? nope ! it 's not an example of high camp fun , which is way , way off the mark . a glamorous showcase of breasts and butts ensues our desire for pleasure , opposing the horror that should have had 99.44 % more in the first place . bottom-of-the-barrel entertainment at its best , aided by pints of red blood and dead student bodies . atrocious movies like this would make the ultimately catastrophic guru the mad monk ( 1970 ) the work of an intelligent genius who has a master 's degree in film production ! it 's an automatic `` f '' , so rest easy !
this foolish , implausible tale is redeemed only by the opening scene in which a hard-boiled police detective delivers some nearly-audible lines confirming our greatest fears : he is dead . perhaps the film would have been saved had the director forgone the dazzling star power of a. martinez in favor of this sadly-anonymous actor who filled the screen for a brief moment . that a no-name hack-tor off the street could salvage such a dishwater film is no less likely than a villain committing murder by dropping stones into a quarry for an unsuspecting diver . his moment is brief ; his promise is immense . perhaps we will be treated to more screen time by this obscure thespian if there is ever a sequel to this ill-advised film .
how this piece of garbage was put to film is beyond me . the only actor who is at all known to me is judge reinhold , an accomplished actor whose presence is merely a justification for putting it into production . i do n't even think it is worth a nomination for a rotten tomato award , this film really does make b movies a cinematic enjoyment . a car travelling along the freeway with police in tow , and no one knows how to stop the car , yeah , right . the script must have been written on the back of a cigarette carton . most made for tv movies are awful but this redefines the word . check out the acting skills of the bridge operator , pure oscar material .
the cover of the box makes this movie look really good , do n't be fooled . splatter university came out in 1984 which was the last good year for horror , but this movie sucks . the characters are so annoying . only the teacher is cool . there is like no plot to this movie , who the hell would ever produce this waste of a film ? spoilers up ahead the teacher dies in this , and it was a female , we all know that we must have a female surviver , if you 're going to break the rules do it in a good horror flick not this waste
first let me say that i am not a dukes fan , but after this movie the series looked like law and order . the worst thing was the casting of roscoe and boss hogg . burt reynolds is not boss hogg , and even worse was m.c . gainey as roscoe , if they ever watched the show roscoe was not a hard ass cop . he was more a barney fife than the role he played in this movie . the movie is loaded with the usual errors , cars getting torn up , and continues like nothing happened . the worst example of this is when the the general gets together with billy prickett , and the general is ran into a dirt hill obviously slowing to a near stop , but goes on to win the race .
there are so many puns to play on the title of the spectacularly bad valentine that i do n't know where to begin . i will say this though ; here is a movie that makes me long for the complexity of the valentine cards we used to give out in elementary school . you know , the ones with batman exclaiming `` you 're a super crime-fighting valentine ! '' valentine is a slasher movie without the slightest hint of irony , one of the few horror movies in recent years that ignores the influence of scream . the villain is omniscient and nigh-invulnerable . the heroes are easily scared when people run around corners and grab them by the shoulders screaming `` heyijustleftmycoatbehind ! '' the score is more overbearing than norman bates ' mother . the flimsy plot follows several childhood friends , now grown up and extremely curvaceous . since the film gives them nothing else to do , they stand around and wait until a masked stalker kills them one by one . this stalker appears to be former nerd jeremy melton , who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school . with valentine 's day approaching , the women begin receiving scary cards foretelling their doom . melton seems like the obvious suspect . only problem is , as numerous characters warns , in thirteen years melton could have changed his appearance to look buff and handsome . so ( insert terrified gasp here ) everyone is a suspect ! here 's problem one . in order to have any sense of suspense while watching valentine , you have to accept a reality in which a high school nerd is capable of becoming david boreanaz . nerds do n't turn into angel when they grown up , they turn into older , balder nerds . he 's not a terrible actor , but the script , by no less than four writers , gives him and the rest of the cast nothing to do but scream and make out . denise richards ( the bustiest actress in hollywood never to star in baywatch ) is especially exploited ; most shamefully in the blatant excuse to get her in a bathing suit just before a crucial suspense scene . note to self : always bring a bathing suit to a valentine 's day party . just because it 's february does n't mean you might not feel like taking a little dip . the slasher in valentine dresses in head-to-toe black with a cherub 's mask . here 's problem number two . the filmmakers clearly thought this would be a disturbing image to have on the head of someone who 's whacking people in the face with hot irons . plain and simple , it 's not . instead , it just made me wonder how a guy with a mask that covers his entire face , including his eyes and ears , can move so stealthily without bumping his shins on chairs or tables . then again , given the things the cupid killer does , maybe he can teleport and his eyes are on his hands . not only is the movie bad , it is n't even sure who the killer is ; the final `` twist '' is more `` huh ? '' than `` hah ! '' when you 're not scratching your head you 're yawning , then groaning , then searching for the nearest exit . do not watch this movie . even if you 're alone on valentine 's day , find something , anything , else to do . you 'll be glad you did .
this might be the poorest example of amateur propaganda ever made . the writers and producers should study the german films of the thirties and forties . they knew how to sell . even soviet-style clunky leader as god-like father-figure were better done . disappointing . the loss of faith , regained in church at last second just in time for daddy to be `` saved '' by the hoover/god was not too bad . unfortunately , it seemed rushed and not nearly melodramatic enough . a few misty heavenlier shots of the angelical hoover up in the corner of the screen-beaming and nodding- would have added a lot . the best aspect is hoover only saving the deserving family and children who had `` proven '' their worth . unfortunately , other poor homeless were portrayed as likable and even good- yet the hoover-god does n't help them . a better approach would have been shots of them drinking spirits to show the justice of their condition . finally , bright and cheerful scenes of recovery ( after hoover saved the country from the depression ) should have rolled at the end . we could see then how hoover-god had saved not just this deserving family , but all the truly deserving . amateurist at best .
this movie was so bad it was laughable . i could n't resist watching it though . the plot is standard , the acting quite horrible ( supporting cast such as the nutty neighbor and the lawyer friend were better actors ) . kind of amusing if you have some time to waste and like seeing the conclusion to a dramatic plot . the headliner who plays `` kathy '' was just fascinating because i could n't decide if her deadpan , flat affect was the result of bad surgery or simply bad acting ( i decided it was both ) . this leaves the script to comment on , which was pretty awful . pat remarks , idiotic decisions , and reckless stupidity on the part of every character in the movie . maybe this is what was so riveting ; i do n't know . i just watched it to see how bad it could be . ( actually the dialog does n't even qualify to be called `` cliche ' '' - but it 's almost completely inane . ) all in all , very bad , cheaply made movie . the sets , the same scenes ( a house , a building ) were shown over and over with no artistry or actual tie-in to the action ; more like props that were randomly dropped into the action in a bad play . a chase scene could have been shot by any juvenile in a warehouse or an old school : poorly shot , cheap props , minimal action .... and i still wanted to see the ending . go figure .
that word 'true ' in this film 's title got my alarm bells ringing . they rang louder when a title card referred to america 's civil war as the 'war between the states ' ( the circumlocution preferred by die-hard southerners ) . jesse james -- thief , slave-holder and murderer -- is described as a quiet , gentle farm boy . how dishonest is this movie ? there is no mention of slavery , far less of the documented fact that jesse james 's poor widdered mother owned slaves before the war , and that jesse and his brother frank actively fought to preserve slavery . according to this movie , all those civil war soldiers were really fighting to decide whether missouri is a northern state or a southern state ... that 's all . ( missouri : it 's a candy mint ! it 's a breath mint ! ) black people are entirely absent from this movie , except for two glimpses of a pair of beggars , one of whom wears a `` help the poor '' sign that 's very implausibly typeset instead of handwritten . ( some shots of 19th-century newspapers are inaccurate too , with 20th-century type fonts . ) this film has a weird flashback structure . there 's some very impressive stunt riding ( and some fine work by stunt horses ) , and one excellent montage . i savoured one line of dialogue : 'some of those boys will never taste beans again . ' the movie gets a few facts straight : agnes moorehead , as jesse 's mother , conceals her right arm in the scenes following the raid by the agents of pinkerton ( here called 'remington ' ) in which jesse james 's real-life mother suffered injuries requiring the amputation of her lower arm . some errors here are pardonable : during his bushwhacking days , the real jesse james accidentally shot off part of his left middle finger , but robert wagner ( in the title role here ) does not have a stumpfinger . i 've seen a photo of jesse james 's real wife ; if she had looked half as glamorous as hope lange looks in this movie , jesse james might have stayed home more . there 's plenty of revisionism here , and most of the male actors wear 1950s hairstyles . but many of this movie 's errors were avoidable . jesse james 's mentor william quantrill is mentioned several times , but all the actors mispronounce his name . we see jesse and his wife moving into an elaborate two-storey house ( where he will soon die ) after paying a rent of $ 18 . actually , jesse james 's last residence ( at 1318 lafayette street , st joseph , missouri ) was a simple one-storey cottage , renting for $ 14 . there was no upper storey ... so , when jesse james is killed , his wife could not come running from upstairs as hope lange does here . ( she was actually in the kitchen . ) one continuity error : robert wagner ( with no stunt double ) does an impressive job of taking a slug to the jaw and falling over while his hands are tied behind his back ... but when he gets up , the rope binding his wrists has vanished . the screenplay does some weird and unnecessary juggling of dates . following the northfield robbery attempt , jesse says he expects to get home by his birthday . the actual northfield bank raid by the james gang ( 7 september , 1876 ) was two days after jesse james 's birthday . ( maybe he meant next year 's birthday . ) later , we see jesse and his wife moving into their st joseph home on a fine summer day , while jesse tells her what he plans to do when christmas eve arrives ... but in real life , mr and mrs jesse james moved into that house on 24 december , 1881 ... so this scene should * be * on christmas eve ! these errors were entirely avoidable . some of the fictionalisations here do n't make sense . according to this movie , the northfield bank raid failed because one ( fictional ) henchman was late in cutting the telegraph wires . if this had actually happened , it would indeed have hampered the james gang 's getaway ... but it would n't have affected the robbery itself , which failed for other reasons . there are good performances here by jeffrey hunter ( as frank james ) , moorehead , alan hale jnr ( as cole younger ) and by stage actress marian seldes in a rare screen role . i was disappointed by robert wagner , normally an under-rated actor . elsewhere , wagner has proved his impressive range by convincingly portraying heroes , villains and morally ambiguous characters . here , he ca n't seem to decide whether to depict jesse james as a goodie or a baddie ... so he does n't much bother . john carradine phones in his performance in a brief role as a fictional jackleg preacher who baptises jesse and his wife at their wedding . in fact , jesse james was baptised in childhood by his uncle , a methodist minister ... but perhaps this second baptism is a topping-up . jesse james was no robin hood . ( i doubt that robin hood was robin hood either , but that 's another story . ) there is not one single documented instance of jesse james ever sharing his loot with anyone beyond his own family . after some of his hold-ups , he did n't even split the swag with the rest of his gang . in this movie , jesse gets gunned down right after he vows to give up his bandit ways forever . in reality , the night before his death , jesse james and the ford brothers stole horses that jesse planned to use the next day in a robbery of the platte city bank . as preparation for most of his robberies , jesse james stole horses from local farmers ... the same poor folk who ( in the inaccurate legends ) were supposedly the beneficiaries of his largesse . i cringed at one scene here , in which the fictional jesse james is so gol-durn refined that he disapproves of an oil painting which tastefully depicts nudes . 'the true ( not much ! ) story of jesse james ' is wilfully dishonest about a thieving murderer , and likewise dishonest about the civil war . for the very impressive stunt work , one good montage and a few fine acting turns , i 'll rate this obscenely dishonest movie 2 points out of 10 .
a series of painfully unfunny skits that seem to go on forever and a day . not as mind-numbingly awful as say `` freddy got fingered '' or `` lost reality '' , but that in no way is an endorsement in any way , sense or form . features the worst rhyming clown ever . any most if it is n't offensive to anybody but the most prudish or politically correct . it also has the worst song parody ever put on film , the worst arnold impersonation ever ( not just the worst put on film , literally the worst ever ) . i have no clue why karen black , micheal clarke duncan , or slash would star in this ( the reasons i watched this in the first place ) the only thing mildly amusing was dickman . in conclusion i would't recommend this film to anyone , but the people who are making it their mission in life to get this in the bottom 250 on this site are pathetic . do something notable with you lives people . plus if it 's true the church of scientalogy hates him , he ca n't be all bad . my grade : d
or : it 's a bird ? it 's a plane ? no , look ... it 's a disaster ! or : no need to look up in the sky . or : ( ... ok , that 's enough . ) if singer tried to make a romantic titanic like movie to crash the box office record , he failed . the sr structure ca n't do this , the dark and restricted color scheme ( i would call it `` wishi-washi '' ) , the boring usual dialogs , the clown with advanced alien technology , the missing fun and magic , etc . makes the movie completely disappointing . it simply does n't work . the main thing at a character like superman is , that he is a superhero . that 's the core , the most important thing . love trouble and a sadly lost depressive supersoftie can maximal only be a facet in a 2:40 long superman movie , not the whole time . because then it is not a superman or superhero movie anymore . it 's like a ( and in this case a very bad and boring ) social study , where every 30 minutes a person flies around . that 's a big difference . this movie is a joke . holy skywalker , this is superman , so give us supervillains , superaction and the most important thing , superfun . we want entertainment ! singer , if you want to make a 2:40 long soul love trouble drama about lost and sadly people ? then take normal human characters and make a yentl remake . they say : superman returns . and then , supersadlysoftie stands in the door . maybe singer has tried to kill the legend without kryptonite , but one bad movie ca n't do this . do n't give up , they plan a sequel ... next time singer ( and warner brothers ) , make a superhero movie , not a depressive superlame soap , or let it be . a superhero movie means a colorful fantasy with a lot of fun and magic . this movie is like a very cheap chocolate box with a super cover . yes , technically there are all sorts in , yes , there is a lot of small talks , there are a few jokes , a view action scenes , etc , but the only one what all these worse pieces have in common is their poor quality . it 's not more than a super boring patchwork and one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my live . the ridiculous cast strategy ( cast them young as possible , so we can make sequels in the next 25 years ) gives the rest . kate bosworth plays a 22 year old star reporter , she 's looking like 19 . superman was full five years away , so he slept with her 6 years ago , so she was 16 , ( looking like 13 ) and a daily planet reporter , wroting `` i spend a night with superman '' . warner brothers , that 's too much . routh is not so bad , he is playing a little bit wooden , but the whole movie is wooden , so ... ? ! temporary good were marsden and sometimes posey . the rest , forget it . even spacey , this is not his terrain . reeve/hackman/kidder were acting so easy , with fun . what a difference . the jesus poses at the end are ridiculous too . what the hell should that be ? the problem here is , they mean this serious , not as a joke . next time spiderman or batman or ironman falls and rises like jesus or angels ? or they speak with god directly . why not ? they are superheroes , saving human lives every day . so at least one talk with god every week should be possible ... oh my god . maybe this was not the real announced movie , instead it is from a bizarre dull parallel universe . for the warner brothers this superlame depressive flick will be possibly the greatest disaster in history . not only because of the money . i understand how difficult it ( maybe ) was to create and transport some messages or feelings , but showing lone , lost and sadly people is n't new and thousands of movies or tv-shows did it better , in very old or new ones like magnolia . and the flying frogs there were more impressive than this flying superwoman , sorry , superman of course . singer and wb , that 's simply nothing . in fact it 's even more than nothing , it 's like a black hole that destroys the passion for ( comic/superhero ) movies and steals us three hours of our life . mrs. smilla 's little brother . ( very angry and green like the hulk . )
* * * * do n't read this review if you want the shocking conclusion of `` the crater lake monster '' to be a total surprise * * * * a claymation plesiosaur rises from the depths of crater lake to wreak havoc on a group of local rednecks , not to mention your fast forward button . to call `` the crater lake monster '' amateurish is to overstate the obvious . if you are n't a fan of low budget drive-in films , you probably would n't be looking here in the first place . the problem with the movie is that when there 's no monster action going on , it really sucks and goes nowhere . the script is very ed wood-ish , in that it 's utterly contrived in the way it sets up the main action sequences . nothing is too outlandish for `` the crater lake monster '' . it explains its dinosaur by having a meteor crash into crater lake , 'superheating ' the water to the point where it incubates a dinosaur egg that has apparently been resting at the bottom of the lake for millennia . even if we could accept that the egg could have been lying there for so long and remained uncovered and viable , would n't `` superheating '' the water to such a high temperature cause most of the lake to evaporate ? other than some token fog in one or two scenes , we see no evidence of the water being hot , other than a few lines in the script . the script is padded rather obviously in a few sequences , and it will do anything to get the characters near the lake so that they can be menaced by the claymation dino . a couple just passing through experiences car trouble and while their automobile is being serviced , they decide to rent a boat and head out into crater lake . hmmmm ... do you think these strangers in the story could be there so they would run into our title monstrosity ? in a sequence that 's just plain bizarre , a drunk robs a liquor store and decides to murder the cashier and a bystander instead of paying four dollars for a bottle of booze . a car chase ensues , and would n't ya know it ... they end up right by the lake . snack time for cratey ! yeah , it 's not hard to figure out , and you 're so far ahead of the script that you 're irritated when it takes another ten minutes for these scenes to unfold . the shamelessness of it all is endearing , and i really want to like `` the crater lake monster '' . i just ca n't do it . there 's not enough here to go on , and this is more of a movie to put on during a party , because you could talk right over it and it would n't matter . the film has a slim list of the things going for it , the most important being the dinosaur itself , which appears in three forms : a shadow puppet , a large model head that is dragged woodenly through the water , and a fully realized claymation insert that actually looks pretty good . there are also a pair of lovable hicks in it , and they carry the majority of the intentional humor in the movie . a downbeat ending leaves us mourning the death of both the monster and one of our beloved hicks , so every good thing about this film is dead by the end of it . why was i so affected by this conclusion ? was it the mournful song played over the closing credits ? or was i just weeping inwardly for the time that i waste watching films like this ?
seriously . i just wrapped up my first viewing of demonicus and words have failed me . i remember a time when i would see charles band 's name on a film and my heart would race . he was never a wes craven or a john carpenter . he was a bastion of hope for the little man . the guy whose movies arrived at the video store instead of the multiplex , but they still rocked harder than most of the trendy junk we otherwise had to endure . and now ... this . a painfully-obvious californian walking trail doubles for `` the alps '' and an abandoned train tunnel is actually supposed to be `` an ancient cave '' . i mean , they did n't even try to dress the thing up with moss or film it in a way that might suggest it was anything other than an old train tunnel ! ugh ! instead of a creepy demon gladiator , as the cover implies , we 're treated to a dude wearing the latest in wal-mart halloween apparel . there 's a pretty cool looking corpse , who occasionally comes to life to belch and wiggle his fingers , but he does n't even learn to stand until the final five minutes . why could n't he be the villain ? instead , we 've got frat boy joe with a plastic sword . ouch . charles band ... you should be ashamed that your name is attached to such tripe . i love movies that are so bad , they 're good . hell , i occasionally enjoy a flick thats so bad , its just bad . this one , however , is just unwatchable . a perfect example of making a buck , rather than making a quality film .
this 1996 movie was the first adaptation of jane eyre that i ever watched and when i did so i was appalled by it . so much of the novel had been left out and i considered william hurt to be terribly miscast as rochester . since then i have watched all the other noteworthy adaptations of the novel , the three short versions of '44 , '70 and '97 and the three mini series of '73 , '83 and 2006 , and i have noticed that there are worse adaptations and worse rochesters . this is without doubt the most exquisite jane eyre adaptation as far as cinematography is concerned . director franco zerifferelli revels in beautiful long shots of snow falling from a winter sky , of lonely rochester standing on a rock , and of jane looking out of the window - but he is less good at telling a story and bringing characters to life . in addition , his script merely scratches the surface of the novel by leaving out many important scenes . as a consequence the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between jane and rochester , and sadly it does also not include the humorous side of their intercourse . there are a number of short conversations between rochester and jane , each of them beautifully staged , but the couple of sentences they exchange do not suffice to show the audience that they are drawn to each other . we know that they are supposed to fall in love , but we never see it actually happen . the scene in which rochester wants to find out jane 's reaction to his dilemma by putting his case in hypothetical form before her after the wounded mason has left the house is completely missing , and the farewell scene , the most important scene - the climax - of the novel is reduced to four sentences . zerifferelli does not make the mistake other scriptwriters have made in substituting their own poor writing for brontë 's superb lines , neither are crucial scenes completely changed and rewritten , but he makes the less offensive but in the end similarly great mistake of simply leaving many important scenes out . what remains is just a glimpse of the novel , which does no justice to charlotte brontë 's masterpiece . the cast is a mixed bag : while fiona shaw is an excellent mrs reed , anna paquin 's young jane is more an ill-mannered , pout lolita than a lonely little girl , longing for love . the ever-reliable joan plowright makes a very likable , but far too shrewd mrs fairfaix , and one can not help feeling that billie whitelaw is supposed to play the village witch instead of plain-looking , hard-working grace poole . charlotte gainsbourgh as the grown-up heroine , however , is physically a perfect choice for playing jane eyre . looking every bit like 18 , thin and frail , with irregular , strong features , she comes closest to my inner vision of jane than any other actress in that role . and during the first 15 minutes of her screen time i was enchanted by her performance . gainsbourgh manages well to let the audience guess at the inner fire and the strong will which are hidden behind the stoic mask . but unfortunately the script never allows her to expand the more passionate and lively side of jane 's character any further . as a result of leaving out so many scenes and shortening so much of the dialogues , gainsbourgh 's portrayal of jane must necessarily remain incomplete and therefore ultimately unsatisfactory . this is a pity , as with a better script charlotte gainsbourgh might have been as good a jane as zelah clarke in the '83 version . but while it is still obvious that gainsbourgh is trying to play jane , there is no trace whatsoever of rochester in the character that william hurt portrays . hurt , who has proved himself to be a fine actor in many good movies , must have been aware that he was physically and type-wise so miscast that he did not even attempt at playing the rochester of the novel . his rochester , besides being blond and blue-eyed , is a soft-spoken , well-mannered nobleman , shy and quiet , slightly queer and eccentric , but basically good-natured and mild . he is so far from being irascible , moody and grim that lines referring to these traits of his character sound absolutely ridiculous . additionally , during many moments of the movie , hurt 's facial expression leaves one wondering if he is fighting against acute attacks of the sleeping sickness . particularly in the proposal scene he grimaces like a patient rallying from a general anaesthetic and is hardly able to keep his eyes open . if you compare his rochester to the strong-willed and charming protagonist of the novel , simply bursting with energy and temperament , it is no wonder that many viewers are disappointed in hurt 's performance . still , he offends me less than the rochesters in the '70 , '97 and 2006 versions and i would in general rank this jane eyre higher than these three other ones . hurt obviously had the wits to recognise that he could not be the rochester of the novel and therefore did not try to do so , whereas george c. scott , ciaràn hinds and toby stephens thought they could , but failed miserably , and i 'd rather watch a character other than rochester than a rochester who is badly played . and i 'd rather watch a jane eyre movie which leaves out many lines of the novel but does not invent new ones than a version which uses modernised dialogues which sound as if they could be uttered by a today 's couple in a starbucks café . of course this jane eyre is a failure , but at least it is an inoffensive one , which is more than one can say of the '97 and 2006 adaptations . i would therefore not desist anyone from watching this adaptation : you will not find jane eyre , but at least you will find a beautifully made movie .
although i recently put this on my 10 worst films list , i have to say it 's probably no worse than burt reynolds in `` the maddening '' or any of the `` look who 's talking '' sequels . still , it 's pretty nauseating , even with sexy drew barrymore playing something of a horror-movie answer to holly golightly , relocating from new york city to los angeles but finding out she 's being stalked by a murderous look-alike . poor sally kellerman , a quirky actress of great acclaim in the '70s , is reduced here to a paltry supporting role , and barrymore 's leading man george newbern is the worst type of sitcom actor , always pausing for a laugh after every line . the picture is swill , but drew 's bloody shower scene boasts showmanship , and the identity of the psycho ( although right out of a `` scooby doo '' episode ) is interesting . but as for the finale ... get real ! who had to clean up that mess ? * from * * * *
this film is about a male escort getting involved in a murder investigation that happened in the circle of powerful men 's wives . i thought `` the walker '' would be thrilling and engaging , but i was so wrong . the pacing is painfully and excruciatingly slow , that even after 40 minutes of the film nothing happens much . seriously , the first hour could be condensed into ten minutes . that 's how slow it is . the fact that it lacks any thrills or action scenes aggravates the boredom . it 's almost shocking that even argument scenes are so plain and devoid of emotion . maybe it is because of the stiff upper lip of the higher social class ? it 's sad that `` the walker '' becomes such a boring mess , despite such a strong cast . blame it on the poor plot and even worse pacing .
`` i am curious : yellow '' is a risible and pretentious steaming pile . it does n't matter what one 's political views are because this film can hardly be taken seriously on any level . as for the claim that frontal male nudity is an automatic nc-17 , that is n't true . i 've seen r-rated films with male nudity . granted , they only offer some fleeting views , but where are the r-rated films with gaping vulvas and flapping labia ? nowhere , because they do n't exist . the same goes for those crappy cable shows : schlongs swinging in the breeze but not a clitoris in sight . and those pretentious indie movies like the brown bunny , in which we 're treated to the site of vincent gallo 's throbbing johnson , but not a trace of pink visible on chloe sevigny . before crying ( or implying ) `` double-standard '' in matters of nudity , the mentally obtuse should take into account one unavoidably obvious anatomical difference between men and women : there are no genitals on display when actresses appears nude , and the same can not be said for a man . in fact , you generally wo n't see female genitals in an american film in anything short of porn or explicit erotica . this alleged double-standard is less a double standard than an admittedly depressing ability to come to terms culturally with the insides of women 's bodies .
this obvious pilot for an unproduced tv series features young canadian actress shiri appleby as an amnesiac with some pretty incredible powers that must be put to use when a man-turned-flying demon is let loose on the world . the cgi is par for a tv job , and appleby is ok as an amnesiac but hard to swallow as a superheroine . familiar tv face richard burgi is along for the ride as appleby 's mentor , but he can do nothing to elevate this dreck above the mediocre level . we see way too much of the cartoonish flying demon right from the start , a bad sign . also , the scenes where burgi is training appleby for battle are actually laughable . they are a bad copy of similar scenes in several other movies , most notably remo williams .
quote : theurgist : anyone with an i.q . over 50 would have seen this film what it is , an intelligent well acted prequel to a modern day classic , yes it does n't have a blockbuster cast or a huge budget but it is still very well done and had me hooked for the full duration . an i.q . over 50 you say .. that most mean you have an i.q . lower than 50 .. its name is carlitos way : rise to power ! ! ! meaning it should have something whit the first one to do .. all and all its a ok movie if .. you change the title and no characters named carlito brigante ! ! ! p.s do n't comment on a movie if you do n't know anything about movies . but i guess an i.q . under 50 , , you wont know what the hell i am yelling about ... peace out ! !
this is an interesting idea gone bad . the hidden meanings in art left as clues by a serial killer sounds intriguing , but the execution in `` anamorph '' is excruciatingly slow and without much interest . there is no other way to describe the film except boring . the death clues are the only interesting part of `` anamorph '' . everything connecting them is tedious . willem dafoe gives a credible performance as the investigator , but he has little to do with a script that is stretched to the limit . several supporting character actors are wasted , including peter stormare as the art expert , james rebhorn as the police chief , paul lazar as the medical examiner , and most notably deborah harry , who is featured on the back of the dvd case , yet only has a couple lines spoken through a cracked door . not recommended . - merk
i have only had the luxury of seeing this movie once when i was rather young so much of the movie is blurred in trying to remember it . however , i can say it was not as funny as a movie called killer tomatoes should have been and the most memorable things from this movie are the song and the scene with the elderly couple talking about poor timmy . other than that the movie is really just scenes of little tomatoes and big tomatoes rolling around and people acting scared and overacting as people should do in a movie of this type . however , just having a very silly premise and a catchy theme song do not a good comedy make . granted this movie is supposed to be a b movie , nothing to be taken seriously , however , you should still make jokes that are funny and not try to extend a mildly amusing premise into a full fledged movie . perhaps a short would have been fine as the trailer showing the elderly couple mentioned above and a man desperately trying to gun down a larger tomato was actually pretty good . the trailer itself looked like a mock trailer , but no they indeed made a full movie , and a rather weak one at that .
this film breeches the fine line between satire and silliness . while a bridge system that has no rules may promote marital harmony , it certainly ca n't promote winning bridge , so the satire did n't work for me . but there were some items i found enjoyable anyway , especially with the big bridge match between paul lukas and ferdinand gottschalk near the end of the film . it is treated like very much like a championship boxing match . not only is the arena for the contest roped off in a square area like a boxing ring , there is a referee hovering between the contestants , and radio broadcaster roscoe karns delivers nonstop chatter on the happenings . at one point he even enumerates `` one ... two ... three ... four ... '' as though a bid of four diamonds was a knockdown event . and people were glued to their radios for it all , a common event for championship boxing matches . that spoof worked very well indeed . unfortunately , few of the actors provide the comedy needed to sustain the intended satire . paul lukas does n't have much of a flair for comedy and is miscast ; lovely loretta young and the usual comic frank mchugh were n't given good enough lines ; glenda farrell has a nice comic turn as a forgetful blonde at the start of the film , but she practically disappears thereafter . what a waste of talent !
following the success of the ( awful ) gilligan 's island tv movie reruns , a number of tv movies were made in the 1980 's reuniting casts from classic shows . most of these movies completely missed the boat as far as recapturing the humor that made the shows so special . the munsters revenge is among the most disappointing because it goes for a laurel and hardy-type comedy style that really was n't in the original series . yvonne de carlo , a wonderful comedienne and essential to the series , is completely wasted - she has less time here in this 90 minute movie than she did in any single 30 minute episode . and since the roles of `` eddie '' and `` marilyn '' in this movie are nothing more than cameos , what was the point of making them younger and recasting them ? with very little rewriting , they could have used butch patrick and pat priest . although seeing some of the munsters spooky relatives was a nice touch , i did n't enjoy sid caesar as the hammy mad scientist mainly because there 's too much of him and not enough of the underused munsters ( ironically that very year , 1981 , caesar 's old partner in comedy , imogene coca , was also inappropriately cast in a major part in a tv movie reunion return of the beverly hillbillies ) . another strange inexplicable bit at the beginning of the film has the munster family represented as wax figures at a local horror wax museum . why would they be in there when they are supposed to be a `` typical '' ( if strange ) american family , not famous monsters ? this was the last munsters project featuring the original cast in their roles , there was an awful revival of the series in the late 1980 's with a completely new cast and a 1990 's tv movie which featured decarlo , lewis , priest , and patrick in cameo roles as a family dining .
this film was so predictable , that during the entire time you 're hoping that the obvious suspect is innocent , and there 's some other big twist still coming . however ... it does n't . he just continues to act creepy , and she continues to ignore it . mary found very incriminating evidence at his place , and she still trusted him ? and what was that `` baiting the trap '' ? there was no trap . she confronted him , he said `` excuse me . i have to go kill someone '' he left , and that was the end of it . they make attempts to use other suspects , ( like that one older carnival girl at the end ) but they 're completely underdeveloped . actually , all the characters are underdeveloped . they have no depth , and the setting is just plain strange ... who hangs out in a recycling factory ? ? its choppy and nothing is well developed . for example : when she leaves his place after having the beer , and he finds the pics and she runs out and he catches her and they end up having sex in that car ... what was that ? her reactions were n't portrayed . in the car she acted scared like it could have been practically rape- but then all we see is her showering the next morning . booooooooo it could have been so much better .. sooo much better .
curiously , season 6 of the columbo series contained only three episodes and there is very little evidence of quality in at least two of the scripts , based on this outing for the `` man-in-the-mac '' and also `` fade into murder '' . furthermore , it is not a coincidence that peter s. feibleman penned both the aforementioned scripts ( incidentally he plays the part of the murdered security guard here ) . this adventure is very rarely compelling and many of the performers just look disinterested with the material . the story is rather weakly developed with some protracted periods of boring conversation . columbo is also shadowed by a colleague here ( similar to `` last salute to the commodore '' ) but the entertainment value is minimal . to add to this , celeste 's holm characterisation , which is intended to provide comedy , induces embarrassment rather than laughs . the script wavers off to deal with the family history and the murderess does enough to gift columbo the case , though there is never a credible discussion relating to the motives of her crime . ironically , what turns out to be , arguably , columbo 's worst adventure produces the funniest moment in the series . he quizzes a male hairdresser and has a haircut/manicure at the same time . the next 5 minutes are hilarious - it 's just that columbo 's hair is so perfectly groomed , then he ca n't afford to pay the bill and then , when he makes enquiries at a jewellers he keeps glancing in the mirror to admire his hairstyle ! sadly , this is the only decent moment from a script that looks like it has been cobbled together in ten minutes . for columbo completionists only .
as gently as i can , i sincerely believe this movie is a waste of time . i did not find it the 'warm , emotionally satisfying ' film others did . i found it boring , with music that distracted from the film . the story was thin , the characters overdrawn , and the direction pedestrian . fooey . now i 'm going to write some more about this movie , so i make the 10 line minimum . there really is n't more to be said and brevity is important , but imdb has its minimums , so here goes . young eager kid finds nascent talent , seeks time with aging , embittered mentor in spite of father 's cartoonish homophobia . aging , embittered mentor turns out to drink a lot and teach very little . conflict arises . while i do n't think this is a spoiler , i 've added the warning in case someone feels this much information is too much . mostly , i just found the film boring and pretentious . a waste of my time . i honestly do n't understand what little fuss there seems to be , mostly on this web site , about the transcendent quality of this movie . i think it 's really worth avoiding . but , as dennis miller used to say , `` maybe i 'm wrong . ''
five across the eyes ai n't worth one off the wrist , i must admit at one point i was really worried , for about 30 seconds nobody made a noise and i thought my speakers had blown or that i had gone deaf with the constant screaming and high pitch yelling , me and the speakers are ok now thanks for asking , funnily enough that was the best bit of the film . i wo n't waste your time telling you the plot , read the other comments for that . if you have bought this dvd but not yet unwrapped it do n't , take it back and demand your money back , i 've wasted mine do n't do the same . i was actually shouting at the telly `` they 're over here in the car , look for the camera lights , and get the camera man first `` , i have left the swear words out but you can guess where they go . if anybody would like to buy this film ( it 's really good ) it 's yours for a ten quid .
when i saw this movie , i could n't believe my eyes . where these hilarious creatures , dustbin muppets with big pointy teeth , really meant to be scary ? or where they designed to have a good laugh ( i sincerely hope so ) . if you watch carefully you can even see the strings operating them ( better ; dragging them across the screen ) . the whole was rather funny than scary and i had a good time watching the movie because i was amazed by its overall incapacity to have only one good part . it is one big joke from beginning to end and i believe this movie belongs into a new category : so unbelievable crappy you 'll be laughing from beginning to end . ( i 'm not even gon na try to comment on the acting or all the other things )
i thought this was a very clunky , uninvolving version of a famous australian story . heath ledger and orlando bloom were very good in their roles , and gave their characters some personality ; but the whole thing felt forced and mechanical . the beginning could have been a lot more involving ; perhaps starting with a shootout , and then flashing back for a recap of how they got there or that sort of thing . and i felt like every scene was routinely predictable and signposted , like a very bad tv soap . i was really looking forward to this movie , and hoping for something a lot better . the only thing i can say in its favour is that it beats the mick jagger version , but not by much .
unreal `` movie '' , what were these people on ? ? a mix of french upstairs downstairs , mating horses , porn ( not suggested , its pretty full on for a film ) & bestiality with a bit of benny hill music & chase scenes thrown in , its sounds crazy & its even more so to watch . * * spoiler * * it plods along in a tedious fashion for quite a while , .... then a lamb does a runner , prompting woman in period dress to run off after it , she goes into the woods where she is set upon by an erect `` penis '' attached to a man in a bear/rat manky suit , i put it like that as its obvious the `` penis '' is in charge & gets way too much screen time , ejaculating for the most of it , anyway , in a nutshell , it turns out she liked a bit of bear/rat tadger & thats about it , the rest is just padding . * * end spoiler * * a film made to shock & offend , thus getting talked about , any publicity is good publicity i suppose , a waste of time really , but the `` main event '' has to be seen to be believed , its hard to imagine that anyone thought it was a good idea as they filmed it .
maybe this is n't fair , because i only made it about halfway through the movie . one of the few movies i have actually not been able to watch due to lameness . the acting is terrible , the camera work is terrible , the plot is ridiculous and the whole movie is just unrealistic and cheesy . for example - during a coke deal , the coke is just kept loose in a briefcase - i 'm no expert , but i think people generally put it in a bag . they use the same stupid sound effect whenever a punch is thrown ( it 's that over the top 'crunching ' sound '' and they use toy guns with dubbed in sound effects . worst movie ever .
i got mirror mirror mainly because yvonne de carlo was in it ( i thought she was great in american gothic ) but sadly she did n't have a very big role in this film . it starts off ok and the pace moves along nicely ... but by the end it starts getting a bit tedious and dull . that 's not to say that this is a boring film , but it 's just very average and nothing spectacular . i did n't like the `` posession '' side of it and there were no decent gore scenes . plus the 'main ' story was very confusing and the ending does n't make much sense at all . i did however like the story surrounding the gothic girl and how she got revenge on her tormentors . i would n't particularly recommend mirror mirror to horror fans - it 's nothing to wet yourself over .
i sincerely consider this movie as another poor effort of dominican movie industry . the first 30 minutes of the movie are a little funny but then when they switch their role in the society ( men doing what women usually do and women doing what men usually do ) the movie falls . becoming boring and not funny at all . they let many things without explanation and the end of the movie is predictable . i did n't like the way as a roberto angel played his character and his little either . i went to the movies theater hoping to see a good work but i went out really disappointed . i do n't recommend this movie .
very low-budget police procedural film about homicide detectives trying to solve the murder of a woman whose body turns up in a stolen car in central park , and their only clue is a tattoo on her arm . although released by rko , this has the look of an independent production that was picked up by the studio for distribution . the cast and crew , with a few exceptions -- among them a young and uncredited jack lord , director edward montagne and cameraman william steiner -- are comprised of complete unknowns , and it shows . the performances are universally sub-par and would n't pass muster in a high school training film , the direction is stodgy and choppy and , as mentioned previously , there 's no chemistry whatsoever between the lead actors . however , despite the film 's many shortcomings , it does have a few good points . the location shooting in new york city , and the film 's ultra-low budget , gives it a gritty authenticity much like that of the far superior `` the naked city '' , a shootout in a dark basement is decently handled , and some of the investigating procedures are clever . otherwise , it 's not much to write home about . it is worth a look , however , for a glimpse at the seamier sections of new york city in the early 1950s , and old-car buffs will be ecstatic to see the legions of '30s and '40s cars in the streets . .
that 's certainly a strange way to promote a film upon which a great deal rested . and it seems like plain suicide on the part of the studio , given that ( 1 ) the feuds between the cast were well known long before the movie 's release . ( 2 ) the feud between the producer ( robert fryer ) and director ( michael sarne ) was also common knowledge . ( 3 ) the cast made no secret of their contempt for the film and made it public at every opportunity , with daily bulletins from the set gleefully reported by gossip columnists everywhere . and ( 4 ) the author , gore vidal hated it practically from day one . nevertheless , that tagline just about sums it up . raquel welch does give a decent performance as myra , and she looks lovely besides . john huston is very funny as buck loner , the ex-cowboy star who runs a phony acting academy . mae west , ( in her first screen appearance since 1943 ) naturally rewrote her part to suit herself , and she is great as `` oversexed '' ( and that 's putting it mildly ) `` talent agent '' leticia van allen . still , she must have wondered ( after waiting so long for a good vehicle in which to return ) how she ever ended up in this mess . tom selleck ( in his film debut ) is one of her `` clients '' . john carradine and jim backus , as doctors , also amble in briefly . rex reed as myron , farrah fawcett and roger herren , as the victims of myra/myron 's sexual passion , are neither here nor there . the same goes for the script , which not only fails to focus on the basic plot of the book , but seems to head in at least three different directions at once . although west 's part was originally larger , she was reduced to a cameo role by the time sarne was through with the editing . and , partly because of this , she seems to be in a different movie . apparently , at some point , the producers realized that mae was going to be the film 's big draw , and , unable to replace most of her cut footage , they rushed her back to the set at the end of filming for the second of her two songs , both of which come out of nowhere . the device sarne used of throwing in old film clips of bygone stars to emphasize whatever points he was making , does n't work at all . by the time the movie concludes , all a weary spectator can do is wonder what in the hell it was all about . not surprisingly , just about everyone connected with the production felt the same way , and it died at the box office . a technically flawless dvd includes , ( among other extras ) separate commentaries from both welch and sarne , each of whom have completely opposite opinions of just what went wrong.no doubt it 's home video re-release was prompted by a 2001 '' vanity fair '' piece , which attempted ( in great detail ) to do the same thing . true , the structure of the novel made a screen adaptation a dubious undertaking , but , with sarne at the helm of what was obviously a `` troubled '' production , it really never had a chance .
maximally manipulative anabel sims ( betsy drake ) sets out to trap her ideal man , aided by her co-worker , julie . esteemed pediatrician madison brown ( cary grant ) goes from bemused to betrothed in the space of 90 minutes on film , but to the viewer it 's all eternity . can a movie receive less than one star ? this one is a prime candidate .
avoid this crap at all costs . bad script , bad directing , bad acting , bad editing , bad sound , and bad music . get the idea ? this movie tries to be western flavored , it 's not . it tries to be hard core violent , it 's not . it tries to present a fresh look at an old genre , it does n't . the actors try there best , and my heart goes out to them . but with such inane material to work with it 's hard to make something shine . to me this has all of the looks of a `` fresh outta film school gon na set the world on fire '' first attempt . freshmen film makers often bite off more that they , or their budget , can chew . the best thing they can do is to take a few steps back , reassess what is possible , and work within their limited budget the next time out .
a huge hit upon release with australian audiences , it can still be funny today , but its over-the-top political incorrectness and blunt , unsubtle humour can make it a bit of a cringer . it goes on far too long ; some of the content could have been saved for the sequel , barry mckenzie holds his own , which desperately needed some new stuff anyway . granted , his ocker aussie attitude is funny , but also becomes annoying as the film drags on . some say crocker 's songs are the best bits , and they are certainly original , but `` hilarious '' ? the adventures of barry mckenzie will go down as a landmark in australian cinema , but we should do everything in our power to make sure that overseas audiences do not see the majority of australians as barry mckenzies ( or , for that matter , mick dundees ! ) . rating : 5/10
this thought long lost flick sometimes comes available on the web . so i bought me a copy . well , of course the acting is terrible and the story line is childish but it does have his moments . i think people who searched this one also knows the backstory of it . it was made by a grindhouse cinema owner for an extreme low budget . but for me he surely did n't spoiled the money on props but on the make up . the make up is for that kind of flick well done . the zombies are watchable and the gore is intact . the only problem with that kind of movies is the quality of the pelicule . it 's terrible , luckely no hiss on the sound but sometimes it 's way too dark . so you have to watch clearly to see the gore . in a funny way they tried to sell this one as really not for the squeamish . a voice-over tells in the beginning of the movie to watch out for a sign and a man appearing with green flashes , that tells you there is gore on the way . of course that does n't work , made me think of cannibal girls , had that annoying bell when the red stuff started to flow . they had the original idea , cannibal girls was made a year earlier . do n't go for the storyline , go for the zombies and notice a continuity mistake . when the girl and guy are making love first she takes of her bra , then they make love and suddenly her underwear is back on ... try to do that , or am i getting a bit offline , ... eat it you ugly corpses
i saw the omen when i was 11 on tv . i enjoyed the trilogy . so when the chance to finally see one at the cinema came around i didnt pass it up . i went in to the cinema knowing that what i was about to see wasnt a cinema release but a made for tv film . however being a fan i couldnt resist . but this omen movie which i saw at a midnight screening didnt bring chills it brought laughter . risible dialogue such as `` it is written that if a baby cries during baptism they reject there god '' . what nonsense.no decent set pieces . faye grant so good in v is wasted with this script from hell . no suprises and no fun . however i did laugh out loud several times at our bad it was.truly pathetic.1 out of 10
`` witchery '' might just be the most incoherent and lamentably scripted horror movie of the 80 's but , luckily enough , it has a few compensating qualities like fantastic gore effects , an exhilarating musical score and some terrific casting choices . honestly the screenplay does n't make one iota of sense , but who cares when linda blair ( with an exploded hairstyle ) portrays yet another girl possessed by evil powers and david hasselhof depicts a hunky photographer ( who ca n't seem to get laid ) in a movie that constantly features bloody voodoo , sewn-shut lips , upside down crucifixions , vicious burnings and an overused but genuinely creepy tune . eight random people are gathered together on an abandoned vacation resort island off the coast of massachusetts . the young couple is there to investigate the place 's dark history ; the dysfunctional family ( with a pregnant linda blair even though nobody seems to bother about who the father is and what his whereabouts are ) considers re-opening the hotel and the yummy female architect simply tagged along for casual sex . they 're forced to stay the night in the ramshackle hotel and then suddenly the previous landlady – an aging actress or something who always dresses in black – starts taking them out in various engrossing ways . everything is somehow related to the intro sequence showing a woman accused of witchery jump out of a window . anyway , the plot is definitely of minor importance in an italian horror franchise that started as an unofficial spin-off of `` the evil dead '' . the atmosphere is occasionally unsettling and the make-up effects are undoubtedly the most superior element of the entire film . there 's something supremely morbid and unsettling about staring at a defenseless woman hanging upside down a chimney and waiting to get fried .
worst movie , ( with the best reviews given it ) i 've ever seen . over the top dialog , acting , and direction . more slasher flick than thriller.with all the great reviews this movie got i 'm appalled that it turned out so silly . shame on you martin scorsese
a killer , wearing a plastic white mask and black overcoat , is killing the friends of hollywood producer shawn banning ( danny wolske ) who inherited his position when someone sliced open his former employer from crotch to chest . perhaps the psychopath is newly hired maddy ( dabbie rochon ) , an attractive , raven haired beauty with a troubled family past , plagued with nightmares . shawn and his friends play a practical joke on maddy , concerning a supposed murder club they started where each member randomly selected a victim to kill . when maddy accidentally murders a woman in a parking garage because of a dent put into her car by this person , she finds that shawn 's pals were jerking her chain . but , shawn and his comrades are concerned about maddy 's admittance towards committing the murder and contemplate turning her into the proper authorities . deciding to wait on a definite decision , each member fall prey to the white-masked psycho with maddy a suspect considering the fact that she already has killed before . or , is someone else behind these murders ? low budget slasher , executive produced by charles band , with gore murders that fail to convince . plenty of tits on display and allen nabors goofy character chris might entertain those with low expectations . the murders include a stomach being opened with intestines showing , a neck sliced , an electrical cord thrown into a pool frying a female victim who had all day to escape , an ax buried into the back of a male victim , and , to top it all , a couple are strangled by a rope during their sexual climax ( .. for added effect , the killer uses the breaker bar of a socket wrench as extra leverage to twist the rope as tight as possible snapping their necks ) . there are enough plot holes to drive a truck through , such as why maddy has nightmares of murders she did n't commit , how she could murder someone so violently ( .. with blood all over her ) winding up waking in her bed without leaving something at the scene of the crime that would easily implicate her , and how shawn could go so long , allowing her to continue working at the company despite what she told regarding the murder she committed , and a continual desire to join the supposed club that does n't exist . what bothered me the most was the film 's desire for having us somehow sympathizing with this female protagonist who wanted to join a club after killing someone , later proclaiming it to be an accident . the film builds maddy as the potential psycho throughout because of her past . her family disowned her for an abortion . she has black-outs and always appropriately winds up at the scenes of crimes after the fact . in a lot of slashers , the one who seems the most likely killer is often the red herring , but this film goes out of it 's way to point the finger at maddy . when the twist occurs , we 're left rooting for maddy , yet we know she 's not right in the head . it 's a tough sell caring for this chick . she does look great in a man 's army shirt , though . and , rochon is n't afraid to let her puppies breathe , either . low budget horror fans will get a kick out of seeing cult favorite brinke stevens as a religious fanatical mother who preaches against what maddy did , calling her a murderer as beloved troma producer lloyd kaufman is the aloof father who can not get in a word edge-wise to protect the daughter he truly cares about . cult siren julie strain has a minor cameo , showing her tits ( of course ) as the opening murdered male 's girlfriend getting her head crushed by a hammer . oh , and check out the office for which shawn works , you 'll see a lot of full moon posters and art-work spread throughout the walls .
when watching this show you are not quite sure whether it is the story or the acting that is more annoying . first of all , the storyline of each episode is very predictable , the writers must have used every cliché possible , you can guess not only the general plot , but the arrangement of the scenes and also the lines of each character , making the show some sort of a collage of every police series out there . on the top of it all comes the `` message '' of the show , that the good are good and the bad are bad and that at the end of the day the good shall prevail and that we should all love each other , be better man and better citizens , all done in the most ostensible manner . the actors , as the vehicles of this message and nothing more than that , will use a limited set of acting skills : the `` i am a good carrying person '' smile , the concerned look and the `` victory is ours '' body posture , while the bad guys have the `` i 'm a bad one '' frowning and the `` you caught me '' look , followed by the `` i 'm good for nothing and i should be removed from society '' head banding ( this kind of also sums up the general development of each show ) . true story or not , the show is garbage , yet another proof that producers do n't give a s * * t about viewers , that we are all thought to be idiots . well this series makes every possible attempt to idiotize the living brains out of you .
this is the only movie i have ever seen that has prompted me to write a critique on any internet site , and that is a significant statement from someone who likes `` the attack of the monolith monsters . '' this movie is perfect for anyone who wants an inoffensive movie . it is devoid of sex and violence , for example . i believe that this movie is safe for children of all ages . this movie is perfect for anyone who does not want to be entertained , challenged , or stimulated in any way . adults could easily catch up on their sleep in front of the tv while the kids watch this movie . do n't be surprise , however , if you wakeup to find the kids have turned the tv off and started a board game . as an adult who enjoys being entertained , who enjoys everything from the mundane to the fantastic in realism , drama , comedy , and action , all of those adult things that reflect real life on earth and/or stimulate the imagination , this movie has nothing to offer .
i do n't see what everyone liked about this movie . the set-up was too long and talky , and when it was done , the main character remained as flat and opaque as he had been in the first scene . after the film finally got cusack into the eponymous hotel room , i had to wonder , well , what 's going to happen here for the next hour or so to keep me engaged . the answer : not much , just john cusack having a long , drawn-out , mental breakdown . maybe if the cusack character had more depth . . maybe if his freak-out were a more thorough reworking of his everyday life . . . maybe if the film had either better developed its half-baked themes about loss and faith or had not tacked them on in the first place . . . maybe if the film had made a choice to be either psychological horror or thrill-ride horror and had fully embraced one of these styles . . . i dunno . all i do know is that i saw this movie with two other horror buffs and none of us much liked it . except for the disquieting episode on the hotel ledge , the alarming crazy lady with the hammer , and the so-stupid-it-was-fun crypt keeper in the air duct , all three of which account for no more than five minutes of screen time , this film was a bore . by the way , this story seems to steal ideas from the shining and use them here to much less powerful effect . is stephen king now reduced to stealing ideas from himself ?
what we have here is a film about how the pursuit of money & revenge can corrupt your soul ... or something like that . guy ritchie , a director known for his reworking of the gangster genre , bites off more than he can chew with this one . his use of modern film noir to tackle the theme of a man setting himself free by swallowing his pride , being nice to his enemy & giving away all his money falls flat on it 's face . when jason statham 's character no longer fears ray liotta , it apparently drives liotta crazy enough to blow his head off in the final scene . why ? basically you can not set up a mafiosi like the liotta character , who has presumably got to his station in life by displaying the kind of ruthless behaviour evident throughout the film , only then to have him driven to suicide by nothing more than a pitying smile on the face of statham 's character . before anyone starts to say i 'm missing the point ... i 'm not . i get it ok ? opt out of the quest for riches & you 'll find true happiness and inner peace . be nice to your enemy and this will confuse him into self-destruction . this seems to be the gist of the movie and in itself this is not a bad premise for a story , although hardly original . the problem is that ritchie simply does n't have the skill as a movie maker to carry it off . at the moment when even guy ritchie realises this , he appears to get bored with the story and begins to insert red-herrings : the scene when statham gets knocked over by a car - why ? the shooting of some scenes as marvel comic animations ... again , why ? there are so many loose threads & unanswered questions left at the end of the movie you could get all 2001-ish about it and try figuring them out , or simply accept that there are no answers & each viewer will interpret things in their own way . myself ? i was so bored with the pompous tone of the film that i simply did n't care . frankly the ending could n't come too soon so that i did n't have to sit through any more of this pretentious psychobabble . a waste of two hours of my life .
nothing in this movie is funny . i thought the premise , giving a human the libido of a randy ram , was interesting and should provide for some laughs . wrong ! there is simply nothing funny about the movie . for example , the main character making a pass at a goat in heat in the middle of a farmer 's yard is not funny , it borders on obscenity . they are toying around with bestiality in this film on one level , and it just aint funny . we all know that dogs will eat anything , anywhere , anytime . the main character doing this with everything , everywhere , everytime is also not funny . it becomes a cliche . rob schneider is , i guess , acceptable in the role . by this , i mean that he 's not a bad actor , but with rotten material it 's difficult to comment on quality . however , coleen haskell , the other half of the human-romantic leads ( does one count the number of animals that the main character has interest in as romantic leads too ? ) , seems embarrassed by the whole thing , as well she should be . she seems to be acting in some kind of vacuum , detached from all the other actors in the movie . see this film only if you wish to be bored by tasteless , dull , repetitive material .
tony goldwyn is a good actor who evidently is trying his hand at directing . `` a walk on the moon '' appears to have borrowed from other , better made films . the present story takes place in the late sixties at a summer resort for working class jews not far from woodstock . the screen treatment by pamela gray does n't have much going for it , so it 's a puzzle why mr. goldwyn decided to tackle this film as his first attempt at direction . the kantrowitz family is spending some time at the resort . we see them arrive at the small bungalow that is going to be their temporary home . marty , the father , comes only for the week-end ; he works in what appears to be a family small appliance business repairing television sets , mostly . in a few days the first man will walk in space , so the excitement is evident . the kantrowitz women are left behind . pearl , marty 's wife and her mother-in-law , lilian , spend idle days in the place until the `` blouse salesman '' arrives . pearl goes browsing and she finds much more than a shmatte ; she gets the salesman as well . it appears that pearl and marty have no sexual life at all . after two children , pearl , who appears to be sexy and with a high libido is ready for some extra marital fun . that is the basic premise for the film , which becomes a soap opera when the young daughter , alison , decides to play hooky and go to the woodstock festival nearby where , horror of horrors , she witnesses her own mom making out with the blouse salesman ! what 's a girl to do ? well , stay tuned for the grand finale when all the parties are happily reunited by the little son 's bedside when he is stung by wasps and the salesman comes to apply some home remedy , and daddy is called from the city , after knowing about pearl 's betrayal with the younger stud . poor diane lane , she went to make `` unfaithful '' later on , which is the upscale version of this dud . viggo mortensen is the salesman who caters to his lonely female customers whispering little somethings in their ears ! liev schreiber as marty , the cuckolded husband , does n't have much to do . anna paquin plays the rebellious alison and tovah feldshuh is the unhappy nana , who would like to have stayed in the city watching her soap operas instead of witnessing first hand one that is playing in her own backyard ! watch it at your risk , or pop the dvd in the telly when you have a fun crowd at home and you really want to have a laugh , or two dishing the film .
- a film crew is shooting a horror movie in an old , supposedly cursed house where over the years , seven people have mysteriously died . one of the crew finds an old book of spells and it looks like it would be perfect to use in some of the ritual scenes in their movie . it is reasoned that the spells in the book are better written than the script they are using . but as the book is read , the graveyard outside suddenly comes to life . now the cast and crew are faced with real danger . - imdb lists a running time of 90 minutes . for the first 60 of those minutes , nothing happens . far too much time is spent on the movie within a movie . are we supposed to be frightened by the horror movie that they are shooting ? we already know that their movie is n't `` real '' . these scares just do n't work . - there are very few things to enjoy about the house of seven corpses . the acting is atrocious . most of these `` actors '' would have trouble making a elementary school play . the score is terrible . it is very reminiscent of a 70s television series and provides no atmosphere . speaking of atmosphere , other than a few moments at the end of the movie , there is none to speak of . character logic is all but non-existent . even in a movie , you expect characters to behave in a certain way . here , i do n't think i remember one scene where a character did n't choose the most illogical avenue available to them . and finally , there 's those first 60 minutes of the movie that i 've already mentioned . can you say boring ? - i have n't rated the house of seven corpses any lower because of instances where the movie ( probably by accident ) actually works . my two favorite are the beginning and ending . the opening title sequence presents the deaths of the seven previous owners and may be the highlight of the movie . and , the ending scenes on the massive staircase as the zombie menaces the film crew are somewhat effective ( what a ringing endorsement ) . overall though , these moments are n't enough to make this a good movie .
let me start off by saying that i did n't watch this movie at first with high expectations . it was recommended to me by a friend with mediocre taste in movies , and `` mtv '' was pasted on the front cover so i was not expecting much . what i was expecting was a tear-jerker , overly dramatic but at least effective . i was wrong . firstly , let me start off that i had never read the book nor watched any other versions of the movie . the acting was my main gripe with the film . by god is it awful . the main girl is pretty mediocre , but when compared to the rest of the cast she 's maryl streep . the main `` hero '' , heath , is just plain awful . he can sing decent sounding clichéd songs , but that 's about it . his acting broke the 'sad ' moments by being so bad at points that i just burst into laughter . the isabel girl was pretty godawful too , and the brother was just a flat character that was played by an actor that could n't display emotion whatsoever . and when he tried to , it failed miserably . neil patrick harris was the only decent actor , playing edward , although it 's obvious the direction was bad because even he did not live up to what i 've seen him do . oh , and the father was n't half-bad to my memory , but he was in the movie for such a small amount of time i can hardly remember . the story itself was not very good . more breakups than you can imagine . predictable story ( until the ending , which i barely understood ) . extremely one-sided characters with no real depth to them ... overall just not interesting or compelling , nothing we 've never seen before done much better , and nothing worth watching here . the ending is suppose to be a tearjerker . it did nothing of the sort . the ending is n't built up at all , it almost feels like an afterthought . in fact , i had to ask my friends why the ending actually happened , which when they explained it to me i must have had a look on my face of `` wait , when did they say that ? what ? '' . never a good sign . the editing was probably the worst i 've seen , though i do understand the fade-ins-fade-outs are done because this was originally made for tv , but that 's really no excuse . overall , the movie is just garbage . i 'm a sensitive guy , i cried during two episodes of the simpsons . i never cried during this crap , not even close . really , this movie is not worth your time . if you really want to see a tearjerker look elsewhere .
`` a young woman suffers from the delusion that she is a werewolf , based upon a family legend of an ancestor accused of and killed for allegedly being one . due to her past treatment by men , she travels the countryside seducing and killing the men she meets . falling in love with a kind man , her life appears to take a turn for the better when she is raped and her lover is killed by a band of thugs . traumatized again by these latest events , the woman returns to her violent ways and seeks revenge on the thugs , '' according to the dvd sleeve 's synopsis . rino di silvestro 's `` la lupa mannara '' begins with full frontal , writhing , moaning dance by shapely blonde annik borel , who ( as daniella neseri ) mistakenly believes she is a werewolf . the hottest part is when the camera catches background fire between her legs . the opening `` flashback '' reveals her hairy ancestor was ( probably ) a lycanthropic creature . ms. borel is , unfortunately , not a werewolf ; she is merely a very strong lunatic . as a film , `` werewolf woman '' ( in english ) would have been better if borel 's character really was a female werewolf ; with her sexual victimization a great bit of characterization . but , as far as 1970s skin and blood flicks go , this one is hard to beat . bouncy borel is either nude or sexily clad throughout the film , which features a fair amount of gratuitous gore . dazzling dagmar lassander ( as elena ) and hunky howard ross ( as luca ) are good supporting players .
jimmy dean could not have been more hammy or absurdly loutish . hysterical if viewed through the eyes of mystery science theatre 3000 , which i rate as a 10 . i mean , the sight of this obese , corn-fed hog trouncing around malta should be enough to send you to the vomitory , if you make it that far into the film . this ugly , hysterical farce should be placed with the likes of `` booty call '' , `` pumpkinhead '' , `` swarm '' , and `` the smurfs go to bangladesh '' . a -gulp- film like this proves that sometimes actors , writers , producers , etc . get behind on their mortgage , or get stoned to the point of insanity . it begs the question `` who was so stupid to finance such a whale ? '' but then , had good judgment prevailed and `` final justice '' never was , then we would n't have the delightful spoof voice-over in `` mystery science theatre 3000 '' !
as good an advert for republicanism as you 're ever likely to see , '' mayerling '' is an everyday story of royal folk in late nineteenth century austria.set during one of europe 's seemingly incessant internal turmoils it concerns itself with the emperor franz joseph ( mr james mason ) , his rebellious son , the crown prince rudolf ( mr omar sharif ) the empress ( miss ava gardner ) and various mistresses , secret policemen , spies , extravagantly-uniformed popinjays , gypsies , dancers , wives , soldiers , swans , horses and the bizarre inbred web of european royalty at the time of franz joseph 's austro-hungarian empire . filmed in what the old movie posters used to call `` a riot of color '' it resembles nothing more than an expensively-dressed but intellectually-challenged production of `` the student prince '' .mr james mason , wearing a very natty little white number , utilises his all-purpose mittel-european accent whenever he remembers.i am a great admirer of his and i sincerely hope the remuneration was comensurate with the distaste he clearly felt for the character he was playing . mr omar sharif , who built a career largely founded on looking directly at the camera with his big brown eyes and looking soulful , gives a stupefyingly monotonous performance as his son the crown prince.he is utterly unconvincing as a man who -in the movie at least-cut a swathe through the distaff side of the austrian aristocracy.with his well-buttered locks firmly in place he preens and poses in ever more unlikely uniforms.as a rebel he talks the talk but conspicuously fails to walk the walk , leaving a bottom button undone on one of his tunics is about as far as his defiance goes.unhappily married , he falls in love with a commoner . `` forbidden love '' is one of the movie 's come-ons.as she is played by the most uncommon miss catherine deneuve he is scarcely pushing the envelope there.miss deneuve has a profile to die for and we see rather a lot of it , particularly in the sequence set at the ballet . now i love ballet as much as the next man , but this sequence does seem to go on for an excessive amount of time , a more cynical critic might consider it to be `` padding '' . rudolf 's mother , the empress is played by miss ava gardner.she gives the part some good old american oooomph , making her a bit like `` auntie mame '' , but it 's done with undeniable style.rudolf is certainly very fond of his mother - i 'll put it no more strongly than that . the only performance worth watching is that of mr james robertson justice as sir lancelot spratt - sorry , edward , prince of wales.he is so wonderfully unconcerned about everything going on around him it 's a joy to behold.i waited vainly for him to ask rudolf the immortal question `` what 's the bleeding time ? '' . i am not qualified to dispute `` mayerling '' 's historical accuracy , but , in my opinion , everything else about it is risible . it is a ruritanian opera buffa without the tunes to send you home from the theatre whistling .
wwf survivor series 2001 this was among the worst events of 2001 . perhaps its biggest flaw was the fact that it did n't follow suit to most of the previous survivor series ' . there was only one survivor series match . and that survivor series match went on for 45 minutes . what 's more , anyone with a working brain would know that it would end with the rock versus austin and the rock prevailing for his team . and do n't get me started on the preview before the event . no matter who won it was obvious that no one was going to f * * * ing die . there was no need for all of that pointless hype . whatever the storyline , it was just a wrestling event . and as for the rest of the matches : the first match was christian defending his european title against al snow . it was a good fast paced match and its good to see a heel winning a match fairly . william regal versus tajiri was boring and we 've seen it 2 or 3 times before . edge versus test was good but nothing great . the tag titles steel cage match was the best match of the evening . the battle royal went on for 10 minutes and no one really cared who 'd win in the first place . the women 's title match was n't great . no , not in the slightest . the main event must have been the most hypocritical match in history . the alliance lost but guess what , after 5 months every single alliance superstar returned . the match itself was poor . the rock eliminated 3 of them and jericho eliminated 2 . the rock was too caught up with his acting to be there when the invasion began . jericho was the one that jeopardised the whole match . if i wanted any 2 to be eliminated in the early going it would be them . everyone knew that kane , big show and undertaker were just fall guys . 7 matches is n't enough for a survivor series . if there 's ever a survivor series as bad as this again i 'll
the movie has the longest , most tortured and agonized ending of any movie i 've seen in a long time . unfortunately it starts right after the opening credits . january jones gives such a wooden performance , i was surprised she did n't go up in flames when she got near the candles in the film . i do n't really remember her from the other films she 's done ( a blessing i have to believe . i never criticize an actors performance because in film there are too many things which can affect it but in this case , it is so bad that it actually stands out from the atrocious script . granted she 's given lines and situations meryl streep would have trouble with but i swear at times shes reading from a cue card off set . at other times i thought she might actually be learning disabled or slow in some way . for real ! the plot , dialog and pacing are as bad as you 'll ever see but there is still no excuse for this performance nor for the director that let it be perpetrated . i feel sorry for the other actors . cruel intentions/ 10 little indians/breakfast club shoved into a rotten burrito then regurgitated by a grade school writer- director . take that back this has studio exec crayola all over it .
if you like the standard sly flicks that involve over the top action , unbelievable stunts ( unbelievable is not intended to be complimentary here ) , and retarded dialogue ; you will love this steaming pile of mountain goat dung . i had high hopes based on the trailer . i thought that stalone was going to be forced in his `` has-been '' days to yield to smarter people and make an action film that would place a credible hero in a credible situation where the story , setting , and ( believable ) action would prevail . i crave action that is at least close enough to reality that you can imagine the fear and excitement that would come from such an event . my limited knowledge of hypothermia and its effects rendered at least one scene laughably ridiculous . judge dredd is only better because you know going into the theater that you are going to see a comic book made into a movie . the character , setting and everything else are beyond comparison to anything we might encounter ourselves . cliffhanger on the other hand turns a mountain climbing guide into rambo before you can say `` yo , adrian ! ''
well i 'm blowed , a woody allen film that i walked out of after half an hour ( i 'm aware of the moral fragility of commenting on a film of which i 've seen less than half , but i hope you 'll understand why ) . basically , it became apparent very early on that we were going to be patronised from the screen with : a script that set out its conceit as if with bullet points ; a cast that were all trying to be characters from hannah and her sisters ( with the exception of chloe sevigny ) , and were badly directed into doing so ; and a camera that sat around portentously , only for there to be nothing to film but chat and the actor delivering it . drama ? none ; it 's partially pre-narrated , but the action does nothing to develop a dramatic situation . maybe i did leave too early in this case , but by then i 'd decided against another hour and a half of one-liner-allen clones . the script has its funny moments – i went almost entirely on the back of will ferrell 's excerpts in the trailer ( trailer-hooked again , doh ! ) – but there 's little pace to let them fly off nonchalantly , as is best . worse than this there 's no fluidity . saying this film 's wooden makes a forest look like a jelly : the opening café-bound discussion being the most abject case-in-point . the only thing that should be done by numbers is potted reviewing – 2/10 .
... and that 's why hard to rate . from the adult point of view ( hmm , student point of view : ) ) . i must say i fell nearly asleep here . sure , there is some laughing scene ( all the credit takes here eddie ) , but that ca n't save the disney type of script and whole movie , that 's why 2 out of 10
heavy-handed moralism . writers using characters as mouthpieces to speak for themselves . predictable , plodding plot points ( say that five times fast ) . a child 's imitation of britney spears . this film has all the earmarks of a lifetime special reject . i honestly believe that jesus nebot and julia montejo set out to create a thought-provoking , emotional film on a tough subject , exploring the idea that things are not always black and white , that one who is a criminal by definition is not necessarily a bad human being , and that there can be extenuating circumstances , especially when one puts the well-being of a child first . however , their earnestness ends up being channeled into preachy dialogue and trite situations planted to move the plot along . the decent production values and interesting use of documentary-style camera footage are not enough to accomplish their aim when the script and the acting fall flat . logic is often compromised for the sake of creating tension : soid first tries to blackmail pablo into participating in her documentary in exchange for helping them escape , then in the same breath basically tells him not to trust her because she 's not helping them out of altruism . well , duh . and for a man on the run , pablo is far too swayed by a temper tantrum . cristina 's well-being is so important to him that he 's fleeing capture and jail or deportation for her , but he 's willing to risk all that to appease her when she does n't want to go to mexico . right . talk above over-permissive parenting . third , when pablo 's employer charlie gives the phone to detective bright , she is remarkably unprofessional , especially given her seniority - did she really think she was persuasive ? oh , yeah , i would have turned myself in . cch pounder 's detective wims could wipe the floor with her . to be fair , i 'd like to list the things i liked . um , i liked the midget . and i liked the fact that the midget was named sexy . there 's cross-dressing , always a plus ; juvenile cross-dressing , no less ! harry is infinitely cuter than cristina . but my favorite moment in the film has to be when cristina kicks detective not-so-bright . i also find it interesting that , in a heavily minority cast ( which i much appreciate , by the way ) , the black character is the racist one . too bad it 's just thrown out there and not further explored . there 's a distinctive , unconventional score , but it 's nonetheless generally context-unspecific , not enhancing mood or tension in any scene , except the pathetic , anguished wailing every time the main character is in anguish , as though they think his acting does n't show it enough : 'just in case you were n't sure , he 's upset , and we have the musical cues to prove it . ' stilted , clichéd dialogue results in a depressing lack of subtext ; everything has to be spelled out in dialogue , even when the body language had been up 'til then conveying it just fine . for example , every impassioned speech pablo makes , and mrs. knight 's lament that her child wo n't be crawling into bed with them in the morning . 'papi , tell me about mama again ' - what shameless , blatant exposition introducing the generic dead wife ! ( she 's always the most beautiful woman the widower had ever seen , the kindest he had ever met . why ca n't we see a man cry over a woman like shakespeare 's - she may be fat , ugly , obnoxious , but his love for her is deep as oceans ? now _there's_ a story which would move me . ) the police always being literally one step behind them gives many scenes the out-of-place feeling of a french farce . most boring foot chases ever - bright and lightning are so out-of-shape and easily-fooled ( he certainly is n't quick as lightning , and she , well , i do n't feel the need to spell things out ) . some guy dragging along a small child outrunning a bicycle cop , complete with macho biker picking a fight but then being felled by a child ? to quote margaret cho , that 's so sad . would we ever see this on 'cops ' ? hackneyed and over-the-top deus ex machina : as an employer , would you really waive checking his green card just because he can quote the author of the inspirational saying on a poster behind your desk ? plus several scenes , including the above , threaten to devolve into porn : 'well , i 'll do this favor for you , as long as you do something for me ... ' i can almost hear the bowm-chicka-bowm-bowm . when the parents view the footage shot of pablo 's remorse , the grieving mom 's freak-out is the most real the movie feels . unfortunately , this is diminished by the fact that she looks completely swayed by his emotional speech right up until she goes ballistic . a more ambivalent look would be more convincing here . i 'm in constant awe of the stupidity of the main character doing things for the sake of plot : holding up a convenience store without a mask , visiting the dead girl 's grave . and why does n't the mother recognize his face from when she saw him before he drove off ? ! 'you seem awfully familiar ... ' what is the purpose of that wholly unnecessary , somewhat gratuitous scene with soid and the artificially-enhanced bartender ? character development ? tch . too little , too late . speaking of unnecessary traits that never went anywhere , detective lightning 's saying skeptical detective bright must be a scorpio shows how little he really knows about the occult . and i do n't think that believing in fate quite qualifies as voodoo mumbo jumbo . at the end , when bright holds pablo as he dies - wait , why does she care now ? her character is as inconsistent as soid 's . what , she has to shoot him just because she said 'stop , or i 'll shoot ' ? ( she 's cared _so_much_ about her integrity thus far . ) he was unarmed . there was no need for lethal force . what 's wrong with shooting him in the leg to immobilize him ? finally , cristina 's childlike acceptance of her mother 's death giving dr. knight peace over his daughter 's death - so forced . and the contrivance of the family whose child was killed becoming cristina 's new family ... it angers me that she could be a 'replacement ' for their little girl . it 's also unrealistic that a white couple would take in the latino daughter of the man who killed their own daughter . i 'm not saying there are n't generous , loving people who would do that . i 'm just saying that the characters here are never developed far enough for me to believe that _they_ would do that . i find it offensive that another imdb reviewer said that of course as a woman she was moved by the sappy scenes . i am a woman who reserves my emotional movements for moments that do n't wax sentimental in a manufactured manner . co-writer , co-director , co-star nebot said himself he wore too many hats during this production . too many cooks may spoil the broth , but one cook alone just might end up making an after-school special . in conclusion , this film 's title has less to do with the story and more to do with the feeling of regret , helplessness , and loss accompanying the revelation that you will never see your money again .
never saw the original movie in the series ... i only hope it was a much better movie than this or the sequel made in the 1980 's as if it is not how were these two terrible sequels even justified . this movie had a really good lead in when they were advertising it to be shown on one of those old independent stations that are a thing of the past now . anyways it looked like it would be a pretty good scary movie . it was , however , a movie that would make some walt disney movies look dark . really , this movie was just a bunch of light fluff with virtually no boggy creek creature to be seen . the only real sighting is near the end when you see its shape during a very heavy rainstorm , other than that there is virtually no sign of the creature which was really disappointing as a kid . the story is basically the old evil hunters must kill anything they see and are after the boggy creek creature and kids are out to help it or just some random hairy guy in the woods that likes to pull random boats through the water . not really worth watching i would however like to see the original , granted the maker of that would make the also bad boggy creature of the 80 's , but he also made a very good slasher movie in the 70 's `` the town the dreaded sundown '' .
i am a big fan of the original book and this adaption is simply bad . first of all , it had trouble deciding if it is a kiddie toon or an adult one , that caused a strange mix of an adult story and some pretty violent scenes with a silly little duck that keeps giving `` funny '' moments in the beginning . but that 's hardly important , the film is simply boring , unmoving and not true to the original story . it simply fails to transfer to the picture all the points orwell tried to make to his book . { spoiler } second revolution ? ! ! have n't they guys learned anything ? ? who be the next napoleon then ? benjamin ? ! !
i 'm both amused and disgusted by the people who claim that this movie is so accurate about vietnam , and were never there . this movie is about as true about the whole vietnam war as the rodney king beating is true about all police officers . yes , bad things do ( and did ) happen , but in general the people there are just like you and me . they have morals , they are not killing machines , they do not all do drugs . atrocities were the exception in vietnam , not the rule . they happened far more infrequently than the `` hype '' would lead you believe . oliver stone has a knack for making movies that show the vietnam war as this brutal bloodbath , but are based as much in reality as star wars . if you honestly believe the stereotypes of vietnam , do yourself a favour and learn the truth . fact : the viet cong and nva did far worse things to the south vietnamese than any soldier in the us armed forces ever did . fact : the soldiers in world war ii treated the enemy far worse in general than the soldiers in vietnam did , and they were welcomed when they came home . the fine americans who served this country in vietnam deserve our respect ; though the war was badly fought from a political standpoint , no one could have asked for more from our soldiers , and it is a great disservice to assert that this kind of `` mostly true '' fiction is the way things really were there .
was this meant to be a comedy or a serious drama ? this film starts with a light-hearted banter between three women . fine . it moves into a conflict between the women when one of them meets a man . fine . there are a few antics between them . fine . but when the plot thickens and finally becomes black i started to wonder whether i had misinterpreted the first part of the movie . it continues in this vein for a while until , in the end , it tries to go back to the original light-hearted banter . but by now it 's too late . it 's hard to see why these women would still be talking to one another and the finale is unconvincing . truly a lesson ( for british filmmakers anyway ) of how not to make films . difficult to see how the producers ever convinced themselves this film would work . and the box office proved it to be a real flop , because i 'd never heard of this film until this weekend ( four years after its release ) .
i did n't enjoy this movie at all.for one , i just found it crude and vulgar , for no reason.i also felt it 's misogynistic ( against women . ) also , the movie really does n't appear to be about anything , and i did n't find any of the characters likable.really , the there does n't seem to be any point to it all.maybe i 'm missing something , but for me , this movie is pretty much a waste of time , when i could have been doing something more productive and enjoyable.like using my face as a pin cushion.james garner is in this thing , as are c.thomas howell and shirley jones , and james cromwell.all are wasted here , and i 'm sure this was a low point in each of their respective careers.jennilee harrison ( from the later years of three 's company ) is also in the movie , and it is nice to see her in a non ditsy role.but other than that , she ca n't rise above the mediocre script.for me , tank is a 3/10
the story is very trustworthy and powerful . the technical side of the movie is quite fine .. even the directing of it . the main problem is with the castings , that turned that movie into almost another local and regular cliché with a great lack of impact and even greater lack of impression . beside the small role of the father , rafael ( played impressively by asi dayan ) , all other actors were unfortunately not in their best . the role of the elder blind girl , played by taly sharon , was fresh but without any intensity as the leading role . therefore the figure she acted had become mild and low profile . there were moments and episodes that looked more like a rehearsal then a real movie . but after all it 's a good point to begin from and to make big improvements in the future .
i found it very very difficulty to watch this after the initial 5 minutes of the film . i managed to stomach 45-50 minutes before switching it off in disgust and watching monster house instead ( which , by the way , is great fun ) . the story has massive holes in it . the plot line is hugely over stated and dull , the acting is awful , especially from justin timberlake who should really stick to what he is good at ( looking daft and singing like a castrato ) . morgan freeman looked incredibly uncomfortable , especially when made to dance around to rock music for no apparent reason half way through the film after him and timberlake meet . freeman and timberlake 's characters seem to be supposed to have some sort of father/son relationship of sorts or something , which simply is n't evident at all apart from the fact that ; though freeman 's character seems to have nothing but contempt for the ignorant and rather stupid character of timberlake , he never the less pulls out all the stops to help him uncover a completely ridiculous cover up . it would take some incredible suspension of disbelief to give any credit to the story line , which is simply absurd and blown out of all proportion . do n't watch this film , it is a pure waste of time .
it seems a shame that greta garbo ended her illustrious career at the age of 36 with this ridiculous mistaken-identity marital romp . coming off the success of her first romantic comedy , ernst lubitsch 's masterful `` ninotchka '' ( 1939 ) , where she was ideally cast as an austere russian envoy , garbo is reunited with her leading man melvyn douglas for a sitcom-level story that has her playing karin borg , a plain-jane ski instructor who impulsively marries publishing executive larry blake when he becomes smitten with her . once he makes clear that work is his priority , karin inadvertently decides to masquerade as her high-living twin sister katherine to test her husband 's fidelity when he is back in manhattan . it 's surprising that this infamous 1941 misfire was directed by george cukor , who led garbo to her greatest dramatic performance in 1937 's `` camille '' , because this is as unflattering a vehicle as one could imagine for the screen legend . only someone with carole lombard 's natural sense of ease and mischief could have gotten away with the shenanigans presented in the by-the-numbers script by s.n . behrman , salka viertel and george oppenheimer . mgm 's intent behind this comedy was to contemporize and americanize garbo 's image for wartime audiences whom the studio heads felt were not interested in the tragic period characters she favored in the thirties . however , garbo appears ill-at-ease mostly as the bogus party girl katherine and especially compared to expert farceurs like douglas and constance bennett as romantic rival griselda . photographed unflatteringly by joseph ruttenberg , garbo looks tired in many scenes and downright hideous in her teased hairdo for the `` chica-choca '' dance sequence . the story ends conventionally but with the addition of a lengthy physical sequence where larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountain cliffs that unfortunately reminds me of sonny bono 's death . roland young and ruth gordon ( in a rare appearance at this point of her career ) show up in comic supporting roles as douglas ' associates . this movie is not yet on dvd , and i would n't consider it priority for transfer as it represents a curio in garbo 's otherwise legendary career . she was reportedly quite unhappy during the filming . i can see why .
i had several problems with the movie : ( 1 ) the screenplay -- specifically , kim basinger 's voice over : movies are not books ; they should * show * the action rather than have a voice over * tell * us what 's happening . occasionally i find a movie with a voice over that works , but here it seemed more of a lazy way of writing the script . in fact , it sounded to me as if she was practically reading excerpts from the novel in her voice over . ( 2 ) i felt no emotion in the relationship between jessie and brother thomas and also felt that alex carter 's acting was pretty bad . that 's a significant failure for me in defining jessie 's and thomas ' characters -- with no connection between them , it seemed to me as if she just wanted a stud and that for him it was a matter of being sex-deprived . if it had been properly done , the relationship between them would have given much more context to the story . ( 3 ) with the book , i understood jessie 's mid-life crisis . in the movie , it seemed more like just plain boredom . on the plus side , i did n't think the movie was so bad as for me to turn off the tv . . . though that thought did occur to me .
this is the worst thing the tmnt franchise has ever spawned . i was a kid when this came out and i still thought it was deuce , even though i liked the original cartoon . there 's this one scene i remember when the mafia ape guy explains to his minions what rhetorical questions are . it 's atrocious . many fans hate on the series for including a female turtle , but that did n't bother me . so much so that i did n't even remember her until i read about the show recently . all in all , it 's miserably forgettable . the only okay thing was the theme song . guilty pleasure , they call it ... nananana ninja ...
first of all , write the script on a napkin . who needs more than that ? after all we 're not a hollywood film . then get amateur actors . it will be good for the festival hype . after all , who needs people who have spent years honing their craft ? then , hire a cinematographer who does n't know how to light . you see , if it 's well-lit , it wo n't look `` real '' and the festival people wo n't like it . who needs to have professional level photography anyway ? then hire a ten-year old who has never held a camera to be your operator . it will give your movie that completely amateurish touch that festival screeners will mistake for `` reality '' and guarantee that even though you will empty the seats from real people , critics and a small sliver of the audience who over-intellectualize will scream `` genius '' because they wo n't believe this was just complete amateur-hour . once you 've done that , buy your ticket to the festival of bad movies aka sundance . what a sad waste .
okay , i 'm not going to critique this film in depth . i note the many elogious reviews in advance of me , and as i generally like maria de medeiros , i have been long hesitant to make a disparaging comment - and in such fashion nearly a year has passed . but each time i see that dvd on my shelf , i sense an inner groan . anyway , let the elogious voices override me ! but for other cinephiles like me - beware . expressed in simplest and gentlest terms , here 's my stance : the political turmoil and overthrow providing the backdrop for this film also served as a backdrop for a certain period of my life - via newspapers i read daily in my local middle-european pub . at that time , i followed the newsreports , but never fully grasped what the heck was transpiring . the reporters tended to report either in non-partisan terms , or with a conservatism which frowned upon any groups disturbing the peace or fomenting rebellion against the establishment . those were times when other winds of unrest swirled through paris , berlin , prague , and various places in the u.s. , all of whose issues i understand clearly at the time - but dictatorship or not , my papers tended to treat the govermentment of portugal simply as the establishment - not as a well-fleshed out `` evil empire '' , to use flippant star war terms . so , week after week , i read of disturbances , but never found an intelligent editorial that might provide the history behind them , or evaluate the practices and social-economic impacts of the dictatorship , etc . so , in purchasing this film , i had at least two hopes : to finally understand the details leading up to the social unrest , and to enjoy a well-conceived drama . this film gave me neither . the film presupposes that viewers already have ample knowledge and deep emotions regarding the historical facts . and the drama - well , as i said , i want to encourage maria de medeiros and the portugues film industry , but - it was trite and shallow . i obtained my copy of the dvd from france - `` selection official cannes 2000 - un certain regard '' . the box shows smiling clean-shaven actors , the lead giving the victory sign in a fashion that reminds me more of the playboy bunny . after seeing the work , i wondered what the french could have thought of it - though as a shallow piece of `` cinema verite ' '' with sensitive ethnic content , i can understand their natural inclination to praise it for its `` honesty '' but ... look at the back of the box : `` un regard chaleuruex sur la revolution '' - a warm regard ? try describing allende 's overthrown and murder with a a `` warm regard '' ! try it with czechoslovakia in 1968 ! try it with the whole line-up of overthrows , and civil rebellions ! another review : maria de medeiros a renoue ' avec son pays , son enfance et son histoire . '' rubbish , rubbish , rubbish ! at least for me . i love portugal . in all of europe , lisbon , barcelona and prague are my favorite cities . but my love for a city and a country does n't flesh out a vacuous film . i 'll hang on to my ancient vhs tapes of capas negras and a cancao de lisboa - meanwhile , i 'm stuck with a zone 2 by the above title that might as well go in the trash .
i really do n't get how people made this film and thought it was worth all the work they put into it . even more puzzling are those who watched this film without feeling cheated out of 88 minutes of doing something valuable like cleaning under the couch or reading leviticus . first of all , surely they could have 2 found real irish people , and some good-looking women who could deliver their lines better than the washed up , haggard porn stars sprinkled throughout this film . granted , the gore works- but strangely , it 's not as troubling as you might think to see organs yanked out of the porn stars ' hot ( formerly ) tight bodies left and right . probably has something to do with the fact that after their horrific inhuman acting you just want them to die in pain . so , if you do n't care at all about the following : - acting ( seriously , everyone sucked . i 've never witnessed this before . everyone sucked ) . -plot ( some crappy horror movies are remotely linear , or at the very least surprising . this movie does n't make sense unless you 're as trashed as the writers obviously were ) . - theme ( nothing to learn from this film . nothing to be scared about in bed at night , nothing to contemplate or grasp , or explain to others ) . - soundtrack ( crap , crap , crap . music as ordinary and dull as the script ) . - scenery ( could have been this film 's saving grace , but no ... nothing pleasing here . even the rocks are fake ) . so , yeah . if you do n't care about that , and you 're just a horny teen with bad taste in music and `` women , '' this movie is for you . positive comments : interesting cinematography at times , wasted on the other elements . very realistic gore ; again , wasted . but the intestines scene is classic . i agree with the mutant- disembowelment solves the fake accent problem .
the main question i pose concerning this film is , how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs ! merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway , here they are replaced by the weaker red skelton and lucille ball . plot changes abound and the fun is lost . skip it .
i saw this at the premiere in melbourne it is shallow , two-dimensional , unaffecting and , hard to believe given the subject matter , boring . the actors are passable , but they did n't have much to work with given the very plodding and unimpressive script . for those who might have worried that ned kelly would be over-intellectualised , you can take comfort in the fact that this telling of the story is utterly without any literary depth at all , told entirely on the surface and full of central casting standards . however , it does n't work as a popcorn film either . its pacing is too off-kilter and its craft is too lacking to satisfy even on the level of a mundane actioner . i very much doubt gregor jordan could sit back and say to himself `` this is the best i could have done with the material '' . ned kelly is a fascinating figure , and equally so is the national response to him . possibly folk genius , possibly class warrior , possibly psychopath and probably all these things , he has dominated australian true mythology for over 120 years . once again , his story has failed miserably on the big screen . such is life .
firstly , this is a very dated film , non-focused in its exposition of the left wing political revolution . honestly , when someone says that the only way to be truly revolutionary is to cease to be intellectual ( which in itself is quite nonsensical , since the answer was arrived at by precisely being intellectual ) it reduces me to despair ; as if we all should return to being apes in the name of equality - it is simply ridiculous . our intellectuality is only one of many human qualities , but this does not mean we should not educate ourselves to the highest possible degree . but no doubt this non-educational message ties in with godard 's use of rock music ; hence the rolling stones . the song 'sympathy for the devil ' , whose creation we witness , and from which the film takes its name , is in fact nothing special . the chord sequence , which is not especially original , was used to much better effect in led zeppelin 's 'thankyou ' ( led zeppelin ii ) . apart form that , 'sir ' mick jagger declaims in his usually nebulous manner ( rather like bob dylan ) - notice how the first melodic phrase is unimaginatively repeated over again to form the verse . besides the fact that the black panthers depicted in this film , do n't seem to know what they are fighting for , the most interesting scenes involve the equation of fascism with pornography ; a message that in fact undermines the sexual 'liberation ' of the 1960s and today ( indeed , a message that would belie the behaviour of the rolling stones around the time the film was made ) . no wonder , the dvd came free with the sunday times ! for a truly profound historical exposition of left-wing sympathy , listen to luigi nono 's masterpiece , 'al gran sole carico'd'amore ' .
the late 80 's saw an inexplicable rash of supernatural horror films set in gloomy penitentiary settings . renny harlin 's superbly gritty and moody `` prison '' got the whole haunted hoosegow ball rolling ; it was immediately followed by the markedly inferior `` the chair , '' john saxon 's enjoyably trashy `` death house , '' the passable psycho picture `` destroyer , '' and this hideously limp'n'lethargic exercise in hopelessly comatose tedium . your usual annoying collection of horribly unsympathetic college student chowderheads lead by insufferably spineless tormented twerp alex ( the hugely unappealing nicholas celozzi ) go to alcatraz island to investigate the bizarre circumstances surrounding the sudden gruesome death of up-and-coming rock star sammy mitchell ( blandly played by toni basil of `` hey micky '' fame ) . alex 's brother becomes possessed by the evil demonic spirit of a vicious cannibalistic us civil war cavalry commandant and goes on the expected killing spree , thus forcing wimpy alex to overcome his passivity and make a stand against this ghoulish specter . although slickly photographed by nicholas von sternberg , with a few decent gore set pieces and a fair amount of spooky atmosphere ( the film was shot on location in the dismal , rusty , rundown ruins of alcatraz island ) , `` slaughterhouse rock '' nonetheless just does n't cut it as a solid , effective fright feature . this is largely due to the uniformly obnoxious and unlikeable collegiate smartaleck characters , a tiresomely smirky bunch whose inane comic antics prove to be grating rather than amusing . the flat acting from a noticeably disinterested cast hurts matters all the more , with onetime `` playboy '' playmate and undeniable blonde cutie pie hottie supreme hope marie carlton doing an especially irritating linnea quigley impersonation as the token oversexed nympho bimbo . dimitri logothetis ' direction displays a modicum of flashy visual style , but the tone is unevenly pitched between grim seriousness and goofy , horrendously sophomoric silliness , and , most damagingly , ted landon 's sloppy , inconsistent , overly complicated and finally quite confusing script miserably fails to develop the necessary internal logic to make the far-fetched story even remotely plausible . in other words , this stinker sadly succeeds in making a scant 90 minutes seem like an excruciatingly drawn-out cinematic jail sentence .
be warned : this movie tells lots of love stories without any coherence . the only intention of this movie seems to be showing love in many different ways . each story has only a few minutes , so there is no development of characters and nearly no plot . just an sketchy idea of a plot . the writer tried to build in turning points that aimed to surprise the viewer . however , that just did n't work out because you did n't get to know the characters in before or these `` jokes '' were just silly . this is a movie about love that fails to reach your heart . a dozen times . or even more , i do n't know and i do n't care .
stefan is an x-con that five years ago got married to marie . their marriage has been stable until stefan past catch up with them and he 's offered to do a courier job . stefan 's job is a heroin delivery from germany to sweden which should go easily . in germany stefan meet elli , a girl from bosnia that has been sold to a stripclub owner . stefan dislikes what he sees and decide to help elli out of her misery . due to the fact that elli 's father during the war fleed to sweden elli now goes with stefan to sweden . to make up with the past stefan promises elli to help her find her father , no matter what it takes . finally back in sweden the whole situation seems to be more complicated than stefan ever thought of .. this movie does n't seem to fit in the ordinary class of swedish movies due to the fact that it 's been americanized alot . regina lund and cecilia bergqvist makes it all average , the effects makes the movie a little too much though . see it and jugde for yourself .
* * * one out of ten stars * * * because if it was , it gets an f. holy mother mary of god was this bad . i mean , i gave it every reasonable accommodation considering it was a straight to video film , but it let me down at every turn . like so many other b movies , the basic storyline was decent and the filmmakers seemed to have a reasonable level of resources , but the execution was ridiculous . it 's a shame they attached the good name of halloween to this fiasco . the basic premise surrounds some frat douche bags hosting their annual halloween haunted house fund raiser , when a satanic spell book shows up out of nowhere and hurls the frat boys into a living hell . well that 's the idea anyway , but instead most of the film is devoted to displaying these frat boy 's relationship escapades , abound with an outrageous lesbian subplot . very little of the actual story is devoted to halloween or the mysterious spell book . it actually makes me mad that the film makers thought they could get away with making such dribble . the film is essentially about frat boy relationships . this is not what the movie is billed as . i 'm tempted to track down the producers and at the very least threaten them with bodily harm . the acting is about as bad as it gets , it 's atrocious ! the script is unintentionally funny . the cinematography is just plain lazy . the whole film is amateur night . this movie actually makes the syfy channel movie productions look like masterpieces . the last half hour of the film felt like the film makers realized they were n't producing a soap opera and had to throw in some sort of horror sequences . the evil spell book finally comes into play and turns everyone in the haunted house into the character their dressed up as . i almost feel like crying as i write this review . wow ! i mean wow ! this thing was an undecipherable chopped up disaster .
i get to the cinema every week or so , and regularly check out this site , but never before have i felt compelled to comment on a film . to my all time list of shockingly bad films - last man standing , spawn , the bone collector - i can now add the drivel that was 'hollow man ' . from the awful opening titles - a ridiculously over-long run through of cast and crew put together with alphabetti spaghetti - through to the insulting finale - a world record number of cliches and some of the most absurd dialogue and acting to have ever made it to cinema - this film is dismal , and only the impressive computer graphics keep you from walking out long before the end . this is n't just my opinion - it was that of my friends , and everyone around us . when large sections of an audience are laughing and groaning during and after a serious thriller , its clear that the film is hopeless . not only that , it was sick too . the director took the action beyond the bounds of realistic fare for a violent film , and into the realms of an over the top blood soaked b-movie . it 's difficult not to imagine the director as some sort of dirty old man , because the extent of the invisible man 's forays out of the lab and into the outside world extended only to two attempts at having a feel of some breasts . perhaps sex could well be the first thing on a bloke 's mind if made invisible , but aside from the aesthetic pleasures of the ladies involved , it hardly makes entertaining cinema . [ spoilers follow ] get past the films sick exterior , and things are even worse . whilst kevin bacon does a good job of acting increasingly twisted as 'hollow man ' , the rest of them - perhaps handicapped by a dire script - do an even better job of being hollow cast . one long time member of the team is found strangled in a locker by the invisible man , `` he 's finally snapped '' shrugs one colleague without a hint of emotion . this is par for the course , and the lab team swing between sheer terror and complete indifference with such speed that you wonder how they got into acting . they pad their way through the lab corridors terrified , guns poised , but then seconds later one of the crew skips happily off back down the corridor to get blood for a hurt colleague . the lead female treats the invisible man with courtesy and good humour even after he 's insulted and abused her , and there seems to be little reaction to his breakouts , even after he drowns the pentagon chief , `` he drowned in his pool last night '' reports the same female , spectacularly failing to put two and two together . the script is littered with this kind of badly acted pedestrian dialogue , and the rest is just an a-z of film cliches , which get laid on thicker and faster as the film progresses to the point of complete disbelief and amusement at the end . the 'eureka ' moment at the computer , the female undressing at the window , the looped security video - the list really is endless - the predictable disregard for strength in numbers , the decision not to kill the two main stars but just put them in a place of probable impending death and leave them to their own devices , the almost-dead good guy appearing out of nothing to save the woman , the bomb and ubiquitous countdown timer , the fireball explosion which just burns up before reaching the heroes , the falling lift which just stops before hitting them , and more than anything else , the immortality of the bad guy . the invisible man is burnt to a shred with a makeshift flame-thrower , electrocuted , whacked round the head with a bar which had just sliced straight through one of the lesser actors , and then having apparently survived the explosion , fireball and total destruction of the labs , has more than enough life left to climb up through the fireball for one last pop at the films heroes - by which stage the disbelieving audience are cringing and looking at their watches . that this exceptionally bad film actually made it to the cinema is astounding . even the name of the film is as hopeless as the movie itself , and not even impressive special effects come anywhere near saving this one , which should be avoided at all costs .
i can hardly believe i watched this again last night after more than 25 years ... some time back , i watched 6 fu films in a row ... boris karloff , and all 5 chris lees . the last 2 lees , both directed ( and i use that word loosely ) by jess franco , were abominable . at the time , i skipped this one , remembering that , in some ways , it was even worse . well , i watched it . never again . you know what 's worse that an abominable film ? a really well-made piece of s * * * . and that 's what fiendish plot is . it is a very good-looking movie . great production design , sets , costumes , music , photography , editing , mostly good cast , some decent acting ... ... and absolutely , positively , one of the worst scripts in movie history ! ! ! ! ! aaaugh ! ! ! ! ! the first minute of the film is so deceptive ... one might mistake this for a decent movie . and then they start singing `` happy birthday to fu '' ... and it goes downhill . having burt kwouk ( of whom his master says , `` your face -- is familiar . '' ) accidentally pour out fu 's elixir vitae to put out a fire , resulting in his being condemned to torture , burial and having one of his ears cut off , was the closest thing to funny they had . it was like someone decided they wanted to do a `` campy '' film -- so ridiculous it would be funny . ridiculous , it is ... funny ... it ai n't . at all . it 's sad , because it 's clear in the first few minutes that someone did a lot of research into the fu manchu series in order to get so much of it `` right '' . with a different script -- either a really funny one , or a dead serious one , they might have -- could have -- should have -- had a classic on their hands . a film that could have made one forget the horror of those jess franco atrocities ... instead of making one want to dig them out as masterpieces , by comparison . there was a period in the late 70 's when a whole slew of classic 30 's characters were revived in movies that were universally awful . buck rogers , flash gordon , tarzan , the lone ranger , charlie chan , even doc savage . i 'm not sure , this one may be the worst of the lot . it took great self-control not to fast-forward over whole sections of it , especially any scenes containing sid caesar ( fbi chief who was also al capone 's cousin -- you see what i mean ? ) . it is n't just that the ideas in the film are n't funny ... they often make no sense whatsoever . like when they `` audition '' police officers to impersonate the king and queen , and we wind up seeing people `` audition '' dance-hall routines like singing , dancing , and riding a unicycle . how many drugs did the writers of this thing have to take for any of this to make sense to them ? as i said , a shame ... and a real waste of all that talent , including that of peter sellers ( who played both fu and nayland smith ) , burt kwouk ( who 'd been in a chris lee fu film in his time ) , helen mirren ( the police woman who shockingly falls in love with the villain and damn near steals the last half-hour of the film ! ) . i begin to wonder if anyone will ever make a `` proper '' fu manchu film , or if fans will have to settle for karloff 's being almost the only one ?
this is the worst adaption of a classic story i have ever seen . they needlessly modernize it and some points are actually just sick . the songs rarely move along the story . they seem to be thrown in at random . the flying scene with marley is pointless and ludicrous . it 's not only one of the worst movies i 've seen , but it is definitely the worst musical i 've ever seen . it 's probably only considered a classic because `` a christmas carol '' is such a classic story . just because the original story was a classic does n't mean that some cheap adaption is .
the wicker man has done the impossible ! it replaced cat woman as the worst recent movie in my steel trap cinema mind . yes it 's really that bad . so bad that when sitting down to write this review i thought to myself `` if i had a choice to either see this movie again or to have red hot needles shoved in my eyes '' i might actually go for the red hot needles . neil labute created a rare movie where joel schumacher could sit back and say with comfort and a guilt free mind `` yeah that 's some bad direction right there '' . i think the first clue for myself should have been the tag line : `` some sacrifices must be made '' . sure it might sound sort of cheeky ominous line to intrigue you but the sacrifice will be all on the audience side of the screen . trust me on this the people responsible for this movie should be charged with a hate crime .. or at least fraud for trying to pass this off as anything resembling entertainment . seriously ! the movie is about an island where men are just there for breeding and i would still rather with be stuck on gilligans island with only pictures of condoleezza rice then find myself stranded there . the most entertaining part about this movie was the guy who ripped the loudest fart i 've ever heard in a movie theater . that 's not a joke nor is it fictional . i 've never been to a `` thriller '' and heard so much laughter through out the entire film . i ca n't tell you with an certainty if the laughs were intentional in some effort to lighten the cinematic tension or if they just really thought this crud would actual fly . i honestly found myself routing for a power outage or a perhaps a fight to break out in the movie theater , anything to make this more interesting which is pretty sad since deez , powder and i pounded 2 beers each before the film just for a little mental anesthesia ( soon to be a law before all nic cage films , write to your congressman today , do n't delay ) . at one point i actually thought perhaps this movie is really a spoof and anna ferris is going to show up oh how i wish . nic cage throws out so much ham per frame i 'm thinking of having a cholesterol test done today . to think that i ever thought sean penn was a d * ck for slamming nic 's acting , oh he 's still a d * ck just lesser of one yes sean penn 's d * ck was lessened because of this film . do us all a favor nic play your strengths and stick to being pathetic losers and drunks . you can not play superman you do not get to play strong hunky roles go straight to jail do not pass go do not collect 200 dollars . his best moments in this film are when he finally comes unhinged and actually punches out a burly woman to steal her bear suit ( like the fart , not a joke or a functional moment during this review ) then proceeds to run amok like conan o'brian 's masturbating bear , but with half the hilarity of a bear knocking his junk around . thankfully he meets his end shortly after when it turns out he 's to be a sacrifice to the crowd at the new tour hybrid show of burning man and lilith fair . yes ! ! ! ! i just spoiled the ending for you and if you knew any better you 'd build statues of me in worship and sing songs of my legend . i sat through this crap-fest so you do n't have to . about half way through this little misadventure i kept thinking to myself jack bauer would have wrapped this case up in 20 minutes of real time .. ok 35 minutes if kim gets attacked by a mountain lion first . even steve martin as inspector clouseau could have figured this out in under an hour and you sir are no inspector clouseau . if for some reason you are taken captive and you have a choice to see this film or take a bullet , take the bullet . somewhere uwe boll is laughing at us all .
you can give jms and the boys a pass on this one because they were at the beginning of their series and on a small budget , but the movie is still sub-par . dont get me wrong , b5 the series is by far the best tv series ever , but if i was an exec seeing this movie , i wouldnt have ordered the series . i dont like o'hare as an actor , the costumes are silly , and there are tons of cliches . the same can be said for most of the first season ( with the exception of babylon squared and survivors ) ; bruce immediately put a fire into the series and it went on to be an amazing spectacle . if you are a b5 fan and havent seen this movie , see it . if you arent a b5 fan , dont ... you wont want to watch the series .
this is not really a zombie film , if we 're defining zombies as the dead walking around . here the protagonist , armand louque ( played by an unbelievably young dean jagger ) , gains control of a method to create zombies , though in fact , his 'method ' is to mentally project his thoughts and control other living people 's minds turning them into hypnotized slaves . this is an interesting concept for a movie , and was done much more effectively by fritz lang in his series of 'dr . mabuse ' films , including 'dr . mabuse the gambler ' ( 1922 ) and 'the testament of dr. mabuse ' ( 1933 ) . here it is unfortunately subordinated to his quest to regain the love of his former fiancée , claire duvall ( played by the anne heche look alike with a bad hairdo , dorothy stone ) which is really the major theme . the movie has an intriguing beginning , as louque is sent on a military archaeological expedition to cambodia to end the cult of zombies that came from there . at some type of compound ( where we get great 30s sets and clothes ) he announces his engagement to claire , and then barely five minutes later , she gives him back his ring declaring her love for his pal , clifford greyson ( robert noland ) . it 's unintentionally funny the way they talk to each other without making eye contact . this would have been a great movie for 'mystery science theater 3000 ' , if they had n't already roasted it . it 's never shown how louque actually learns the 'zombification ' secret , but he then uses it to kill his enemies , create a giant army of rifle carrying soldiers and body guards . we wo n't see such sheer force of will until john agar in 'the brain from planet arous ' ( 1957 ) . finally claire consents to marry him if he will let greyson live and return to america . louque agrees , but actually turns him into one of his hypnotized slaves . on their wedding night he realizes that claire will only begin to love him if he gives up his 'powers . ' to gain her love , he does so , causing the 'revolt ' of the title , in which all his slaves awaken and attack his compound and kill him . greyson embraces claire , and we seem to be at the end of a parable : `` whom the gods would destroy , they first make mad . '' so really then , it 's not that bad of a film , despite the low imdb rating it currently has . on repeated viewings ( ? ) one can see the artistry in the well formed script ! dean jagger had yet to develop into a good actor , and is almost unrecognizable in his youngness -- is that really his own hair ? we remember him more for his bald , old man roles in 'white christmas ' ( 1954 ) , ' x the unknown ' ( 1956 ) and 'king creole ' ( 1958 ) . the story borrows a lot of its basic themes from the halperin brothers better , earlier film 'white zombie ' ( 1932 ) in which hapless robert frazier ( as charles beaumont ) uses 'zombification ' to win the love of madge bellamy ( as madeline parker ) . if you want real zombie movies ( of which there are hundreds ! ) i 'd start with 'white zombie ' ( 1932 ) , 'king of the zombies ' ( 1941 ) , ' i walked with a zombie ' ( 1943 ) , 'night of the living dead ' ( 1968 ) , 'the last man on earth ' ( 1964 ) and its two remakes . in the modern era of classy films , there are 'horror express ' ( 1972 ) , 'the serpent and the rainbow ' ( 1988 ) , '28 days later ' ( 2002 ) and its sequel , as well as many , many , others too numerous to mention . this one is not really a zombie film . judging this movie on its own terms , it 's more of a semi-gothic romance . as such it ranks a little below some of universal 's bottom billed b horror movies of the late 30s and early 40s . so i 'll give it a 5 .
this was not enjoyable to watch . frank puts all his dreams on the back burner and gets a normal ( boring ! ) job just so his stepson can go to film school , but his stepson decides that he 'll make a humiliating documentary about the man instead . a documentary filmmaker should point the camera and simply shoot , not manipulate and comment with snide captions . the bitterness and resentment of the filmmaker towards his stepfather is obvious . and sad . the goal seems to be to make frank appear dumb and pathetic , instead he comes across as the most human of the 3 people featured . essentially a smear campaign all dressed up as something much smarter and edgier than it really is . it left me with an intense dislike for the filmmaker .
i 'm into bad movies but this has nothing going for it . despite what the morons above have said , it is not funny . i know comedy and underground movies but this is so boring that the director / writer should be prohibited from ever directing anything but local cable access ever again ! to love movies and comedy is to despise this film . i may never get over how unfunny and boring this work was . if you like this movie you are a pothead as sober there is nothing here . zero ! if you need to compare underground movies , see `` kentucky fried movie '' or early john waters . the movie starts by defining satire and i defy anyone to show me the satire . the rule for comedy is this ... if it 's funny you can say or do anything but if it 's not funny you are not satirical , you are not edgy , you are merely pathetic and this movie is simply not funny . zero !
`` extreme makeover : home edition '' is yet another 'feel-goody ' , so-called 'heart warming ' , and out-for-ratings show that abc has had the time to put together . i understand the troubles that these families go through . for that , i am sorry . but would n't you think that putting four wide-screen plasma televisions , three flat-screen desktop computers , an inground pool taking up half of a backyard , and closets full of expensive designer clothing is a bit too excessive for any family ? sure , these families have been through a lot . sure , they deserve nicer things that what they had previously had . but honestly , the things that ty pennington and his crew put into these houses are enough to suit an entire neighborhood . another thing that really irks me about this show is how ty and his crew always have something good to say about every little thing that relates to the family , or the family 's condition . telling a wheelchair-bound person that he or she is 'so strong ' , or 'very brave ' really does get old after a while . that may sound rude , but believe me ; watch this show , and you 'll see what i mean . all in all , this show is overrated . if you want to watch it , go ahead . this comment is just a heads-up for what you 'd be watching .
most book adaptations are bad but this film left out key parts of the storyline and changed the description and some characters . they rewired the storyline and combined scenes and changed the order . they added ridiculous things into it that never happened in the book and would never happen . if i had n't read the book beforehand it would have been an incredibly dull film , it did n't make you care about the characters , like them or dislike them . it turns the characters into jokes . awful . ridiculous . waste of two hours of my life .
this film is a pure failure . i am a steve martin fan , but even he ca n't save the tired idea and swiss cheese script . think `` police academy 7 '' and apply it to a military parody . yuck . i do not feel the other user comments reflected the poor rating this film received ( and rightfully deserved ! ) . it is extremely misleading . i have often seen this film marked down to $ 3.00 in the grocery store and now i certainly know why . if only i could get my 90 minutes back ...
for my first taste of shakespeare on stage , i can not believe what these people did to a perfectly good play . -let 's start off with the good bit , shall we ? - alan rickman is alright , although some of his dialog could have been delivered with more feeling . the rest of the actors needed to pull it together . romeo , romeo , whyfore art thou not dead yet , romeo ? the actor , while not only completely wooden and deadpan , could not read his lines with any gusto at all . he was completely out of focus , had difficulty even looking juliet in the face , and absolutely no grace with the lines that he was given . whoever cast him deserves to be punished . juliet is almost passable , but she gives no depth to her character , and seems to be completely out of touch with the play . mercutio was incredibly creepy and completely out of character for the entirety of his dialog . benvolio was unfeeling and mercilessly choppy with his lines . i was forced to endure this half-baked production of romeo and juliet . the acting was stilted and the costumes were nothing short of distracting . i have seen kindergarten puppet shows with more effort put into them . i only wish that i could give this movie a rating of zero .
i absolutely adore the book written by robin klein , so i was very excited when i heard that a movie based on the book was in the making . but i was severely disappointed with the movie when i did see it because it did n't capture what i loved about the book - the absolutely ridiculously funny erica and the interesting way in which she views the world . from the start of the movie , i realised that things were n't the same as i had imagined in the book . so , i just went along for the ride . it was n't all that bad , i guess . miss belmont was totally different to what i had imagined her to be ! i did n't think she would be one to smoke and drink - jean kittson , who plays her , is hilarious ! on it 's own , i thought the movie and it 's actors/actresses in it did a good job , but alas , i 'm such a fan of the book ( one of my all time favourite books ) that i could n't help but feel disappointed =p
creepshow 2 had a lot of potential , they just did n't put enough time in perfecting it . the stories were pretty cool and creepy enough , but it was lacking . it 's a good movie , but after you 've seen it once , you might want to see it again . this movie could of been better .
oh , brother . the only reason this very irritating film avoids getting the total `` bomb '' from me is because it 's at least historically noteworthy as the first three stooges film ( when they were n't yet on their own and were still saddled with that painfully unfunny ted healy ) . but even as a longtime stooges fan i 'd have to say that young moe , larry and curly are badly used here as three zany assistant janitors to mr. healy 's taller boss janitor . they 're not featured steadily through the movie and their silly on-and-off-again stints paint them more like zany overactive cartoon characters trying too hard to be amusing . most of this toothache deals with jack pearl seeking in vain to get some chuckles from the audience himself as a man who impersonates baron munchausen ( here 's a good example of the level of humor : `` i object ! '' `` on what grounds ? '' `` coffee grounds ! '' ) . his sidekick is none other than a young jimmy durante , but even the schnoz himself is a bore .
the people who are praising this film are the real disappointments -- i am hoping at least that leonard will see some good $ $ out of this , as his life savings were embezzled away by a manager a couple of years ago and he 's over 70 now . but this film is simply terrible . at the beginning leonard himself says he is not sentimental about his past , and then for the next hour and a half the film emphasizes all the worst sentimental elements of leonard 's songs . it is so bloody precious with its endless close-ups of over emoting singers . cohen 's interview is all done in lo-fi video closeups and i so wanted to see a medium or a long shot of his whole body ! i could n't care less about the comments of the performers , especially those overblown ego boys edge and bono . none of the performers in this film have done even one song as good as leonard 's own music and if you are thinking about seeing this and you have any doubts at all , heed them . this would be an acceptable pbs special , maybe , for a one time showing . but i will even hesitate at getting a dvd of this . when the film finally shows leonard semi-performing `` tower of song '' it 's ruined by bono taking a verse . even the occasional good performances ( antony , rufus ' first number , martha 's the traitor ) are spoiled by the context of the rest of this turgid blabla . forget this one , and go buy leonard 's most recent album if you want to pay tribute to him .
most movies i can sit through easily , even if i do not particularly like the movie . i am the type of person who recognizes great films even if i do not like the genre . this is the first movie i could not stand to watch . cat in the hat is the worst movie i have ever seen -- and i 've seen a lot of movies . the acting is okay ( myers is good as the cat , it 's just that he is really annoying ) . the silly songs the cat sings were boring and monotonous , even for the children in the audience . the plot drags on and on , and viewers must suffer through poor dialogue . the `` witty '' parental remarks are disgusting , not funny ( i remember some awful comment about a garden hoe being compared to , well , a type of person people call a `` ho '' ) . even though the movie is really short , it seemed to last forever . do not waste your time . i know small kids who hated this movie . if children ca n't stand it , i do not know how any adults can . i would like to fume more about this film but i do not even feel like wasting anymore time writing this review about it . i hated it ! so , in summary , do not spend 90 minutes of your life watching this ! see a good movie ! 1/10 stars -- the lowest review i have ever given a movie .
i think this piece of garbage is the best proof that good ideas can be destroyed , why all the american animators thinks that the kids this days wants stupid gi joe versions of good stories ? ? ? the looney tunes are some of the most beloved characters in history , but they were n't created to be xtreme , i mean come on ! ! ! tiny toons was a great example of how an old idea can be updated without loosing it 's original charm , but this piece of garbage is just an example of stupid corporate decisions that only wants to create a cheap idiotic show that kids will love because hey ! ! ! kids loves superheroes right ? ? ? the whole show is only a waste of time in which we see the new versions of the looney tunes but this time in superhero form , this does n't sound too bad but the problem is that this show tries too hard to copy series like batman the animated series , or the new justice league , the result ? ? ? bad copies of flash ( the road runner ) or superman ( who else ? ? ? bugs bunny ) the problem is that looney tunes were n't meant to be dramatic , the were supposed to be funny ! ! ! ! as i said before this series sucks , and many people wonders why anime is taking all over the world ? ? ? this show tries to be dramatic and action packed , but that 's something that few series and anime are able to do , if you want to see a good upgrade of an old show watch tiny toons , that 's an example that it 's possible to bring back to life old characters , but with a good story and respecting the original roots . too bad that show is already dead , another corporate wise decision i suppose .
in 1988 , paperhouse was hailed as a `` thinking man 's horror film . '' wow , you might say , sign me up . this thing is a mess . it features a one time young actress who has a range of like 1 to 2 . g. headley with a bad british ( dubbed ) accent , and a story with no chills , thrills or spills . it is n't even interesting psycho-babble . one will only laugh at its cheap effects and long for a showing of leprechaun 5 . the story involves a girl with glandular fever who escapes in her dreams . what you get is n't good horror , art house or even a decent after-school special . i found myself after the two hour point saying .. where did my two hours go . the direction is uninspired and i wished it could even be pretentious ... something interesting .. it seems like the producers were on lithium . even in the dream world things are boring . a short no on this one .
ok , so , chuck norris somehow found a way to get this sequel produced . i have one question-why ? who read this script and said , `` sound 's great ! original ! '' this movie is regurgitated crap that i would n't tarnish my toilet bowel with . of course it is another story , following in the tradition of mia , invasion usa , walker , texas ranger , delta force and so on in which chuck norris , of course , is the one man who can same america from some bad guys . he does n't even need a gun most times . it 's stupid patriotic jargon that stales the mind . big surprise that the only one who will direct these norris film 's is chuck 's son eric . eric norris has primarily worked on all his father 's films and tv shows . does n't this strike anyone as a sign that he has no directing talent ? afterall , he 's directing the same people as before in the same stories as before ... only difference is the characters ' names . if this is supposed to make me patriotic and cheer for the usa , than our country is in much worse shape than i ever imagined . hopefully , this will be the nail in chuck norris 's acting coffin .
i think this is probably one of the worst movies i 've watched in a long time . trying to get the 'same characters ' with different people is * such * a bad idea . if they could n't get sara michelle g. and ryan p. in this one , they should have just cut their losses and said to heck with it . instead they get new actors that are horrible at what they did . i seriously felt like i was at a high school or ( bad ) college play with the lever of acting these people put forth . where do they get some of these people ? was this their first movie ? it sure seemed like it . this movie also parallels the original in a few lines of speech . i had just got done watching the first one and popped # 2 in . i was all excited to get to watch the second one and it ended up being the worst show i 've seen in a while . i do n't hardly ever * ever * turn off a movie , but this one definitely went off after about 30 - 40 min .
a worn-out plot of a man who takes the rap for a woman in a murder case + the equally worn-out plot of an outsider on the inside who eventually is shut out . with such an outstanding case , one would think the film would rise above its hackneyed origins . but scene after scene drones by with no change in intensity , no character arcs , and inexplicable behavior . the homosexuality theme was completely unnecessary -- or on the other hand , completely unexplored . it seemed to be included only to titillate the viewers . when will hollywood learn that having gay characters does not automatically make a more compelling picture ? a regrettably dreadful movie . when will lauren bacall pick a good one ? i expected better of her and kristin scott thomas . this one is definitely one to miss .
can only be described as awful . it is bad to start with and then gets even more bad . when you start you really have to watch it through because it is impossible to believe that it can get worse - but fear not because it does . another poorly written script for a donkey director for no-talent offspring of past movie stars . it 's hard to decide if the script is worse than the acting or whether the directing is worse than both . as for the hero - well he belts up everyone including one scene where he beats the living daylights out of the tough by swinging open the wardrobe door and smashing him against the window with it . and in another scene he gets thrown through a window and crashes 20ft onto concrete - does n't even blink - then gets up immediately and gets stuck into the baddies . this is a really ridiculous movie . lucky it only cost me $ 1 to hire .
a thematic staple of cinema since its inception is that genre involving seductive women whose wiles and means entice susceptible men not only into their arms but also into dire circumstances that typically will only result in jeopardy for the male victims , along with incertitude as to whether or not temptresses will be forced to take their medicine , and here susan lucci performs as a siren , although her acting chops from a primarily soap opera pedigree are inadequate to make her performance a credible one . isabelle ( lucci ) , inconstant wife of venture capitalist stewart collins ( john o'hurley ) , begins a love affair merely for fun with yacht salesman richard davis ( philip casnoff ) , simply a bagatelle for her but an earnest matter of the heart for richard , apparently mesmerized by his lover while she takes advantage of his ardour by engaging him in a risky plot that will graduate into a scheme of murderous intent . when davis becomes convinced that guileful isabelle is a victim of physical abuse administered by her husband , he desperately attempts to free her from what he feels is a marital trap in order that he may wed her himself , coming to believe that the only clear solution to his plight will be found in a rudimentary essay at hiring a professional assassin who will dispose of the allegedly violent stewart . in the wake of the hit-man 's assault upon collins , a pair of police detectives , performed by joe grifasi and dean mcdermott , become increasingly curious concerning isabelle 's possible involvement in the crime , while at the same time reality dawns upon enraptured richard who might have to pay a dear price in return for his inamorata 's maneuvering . lucci and kasnoff are properly cast as a viable pair of conspirators , each giving a reading that makes for a boring rather than charming set of lovebirds , but o'hurley and mcdermott offer strong turns in a film that suffers from a hackneyed scenario as well as uninventive direction and design elements . released upon a fremantle dvd , this largely lustreless affair depicting a man 'neath the spell of a seductress does benefit from top-flight visual and sound quality , and although no extra features are provided , the above-average production quality enhances able efforts from cinematographer robert primes and composer stephen edwards .
i had a recent spectator experience with the perfect witness ( 2007 ) because the netflix computer recommendation engine suggested i watch this film . apparently , at some point , i told it how much i liked michael haneke 's , benny 's video . i do n't know about you , but this parallel being drawn provoked in me a maelstrom of emotion and excitement over thomas c. dunn 's film and made the allocation of my time toward it virtually impossible to refuse . just this kind of recommendation from the netflix computer intelligence , for me , had the aesthetic/moral movie bar set to level so high that , upon reflection , it represented something pretty much unaccomplished in every film produced in the year 2007 . having prefaced my response to the film that way , i 'm going to proceed in knocking this picture down as poorly executed and banal ; and i really hate to do that because i think our boy , wes bentley , happens to be not only one of the most interesting young faces in contemporary cinema , but also one its most overlooked and underrated screenacting talents in the us . i 'm more than moderately concerned that the poor guy 's going to miss the fame ship if he keeps fiddling around with first time movie directors like this . the perfect witness is about micky ( wes bentley ) , who , about thirty , still lives with mom ( `` you 're not drinkin ' again area ya 's ? `` ) , but he 's a `` filmmaker '' or at the very least some kind of street-level voyeur with a pension for shooting would-be johns in the seedy back alleys of philadelphia with his dvx 100b . out there , doing his private investigator-like drills , micky `` inadvertently '' video-tapes a brutal murder on a hapless early-twenty-ish coed with his hand held camcorder . baring the notion in mind that snuff and movies as cultural currency can be his equated with his ticket out of the white urban ghetto ( and not to the debts of his unwitting friends and relatives who put up the money for his atrocious films ) , micky approaches the assailant , james lemac ( mark borkowski : also takes a writing credit ) or `` mac the knife '' –whichever- and blackmails the killer into making a documentary about his murder impulses , holding this found footage over the attacker with threats of the police . the problem with this movie is not that no interesting ideas exist because they do . while both the writing and direction are amateurish , that alone does n't make a film bad . it 's that these guys commit a rather poor assumption that what they are presenting is shocking in the context of a culture in which just about any person in the free world with access to a private computer can log-on to the web and catch the veracity of the action of a beheading on their little mac or pc . no film relies on shock value alone any more ( unless of course , ironically , it 's a film about torture on animals ) and therefore cinematic images of violence ( real or fake ) have less and less cultural capital with each year that passes . also , we 've got this astounding actor-talent in the lead all styled-up , real hip guy : his two inch beard and skull cap with the little bill on it , backwards , just like the dork from high school who craved after the potential services of my primary love interest –same guy who just now calls himself a `` poet . '' spare me . `` i 'm an artist , '' `` i 'm a filmmaker . '' okay . please do , carry on with that shtick , cronnie . seems to have bought you a lot of expensive 35mm stock . and go ahead , you can wear all the accrutements of a `` creative '' but do n't expect us top respond to you , to follow your below average character through your two hour movie while you take down wes bentley 's career . why do n't we just let history speak to the merits of what you do , filmmaker guy . my guess is history will eventually have say something about that –like , probably that 's in not is good as you think it is . and yeah , odds are you 'll be laying the blame on your dear ole ma , end up like our man micky here in the perfect witness ; hooked on smack and covered in your buddy 's blood with a video camera in your hand . great .
we laughed our heads off . this script is so incredible you either zap to cnn or go to sleep . my dad was a sea captain for 30 years , he could not believe his eyes when he saw the movie . during his experience as an officer he once claimed command over the ship , the captain drunk 3 bottles of whiskey/daily and ( sorry ) s * * t on his desk . of course this was not on a nuclear mission . for instance , the fire in the kitchen , fire is the most important thing on any ship , nuclear or not . to give a drill at that time is just hollywood script . when a captain is put under arrest , he is under arrest , you take all his keys and open the safe where the guns are kept . this is stored within minutes in a well guarded room . he can not escape , it 's just like in prison . funny thing is , my dad also had a dog on board , however , we see how hackman let him pee in the control room . this is not done , ever . my dad cleaned all the mess the dog made wherever he was . hackman and washington make the three stars this movie is credited for , all the rest is bulls * * t. when we do know that 23 people were still alive on the koersk , this film gets an extra dimension . if you want to see a real thriller about a submarine rent : thas boat .
why was this film made ? even keeping in mind the generous tax concessions that australian film investors were given , there can be no reasonable explanation for this film being given the go-ahead . for goodness sakes , the actors cast in this film are aussie b-grade celebs ( not actors , people like john michael 'hollywood ' howson , the original drummer from the band in hey hey its saturday , and the voice-over guy in countdown . but in saying that , this is still very watchable as long as you give it the brain attention it deserves : none . the script is bad ( even for a self-confessed b-grade horror ) and the acting and film quality is worse . it often looks as though it is a home movie , but even a home movie has 'realism ' . anyone interested in australian cinema , please , for the love of god , pretend this film was never made .
a film with very little positive to say for it . firstly it has zero pace and is positively lacking in any drama . besides being remarkably slow the empty acre seems dedicated to using the same stock footage again and again . i lost count of how many times i had seen `` that '' field at night or that bit of cracked earth . it also has the fundamental flaw of thinking that if the audience do n't know about things they will be gripped rather than just confused . so with no signs that there are any issues we suddenly find the marriage is not what it seems to be despite being given the impression that it 's fine . we find jacob is possibly the worst farmer in the universe as he seems to spend no time on the farm and also seems to have bought land with a wholly useless acre . beth has a key to a warehouse of books ? there are innumerable other questions some of which are resolved later in the movie , much later , in fact too late . and on the point of the acre . horror filmmakers note that large inanimate objects are inherently not scary – and also if they 're meant to be an acre big then make them so . there is also a frightening lack of reasonability as beth ( the best performer in the piece , followed by jefferson – the cop ) suddenly appears to be accused of everything under the sun just because she is on `` medication '' . with the full ten minutes plus of running round the fields looking for the missing child ( did he crawl out of the window ? he 's six months old ) the film descends into badly written scene after badly written scene . bad plinky plonk `` horror '' music fails to add atmosphere . often bad films can be amusing but not the empty acre , which is just bad .
no spoilers here but i have been a fan since waking the dead started but the last series , of which only 3 have been on so far is awful . the stories bear no resemblance to the original idea of the series . i found these 3 in the last series jaw droppingly ludicrous . as a bbc licence payer , after the show i rang bbc complaints to pass on my disappointment . i 'm amazed that actors of the calibre of trevor eve and sue johnstone did n't object to the story lines . these actors have been with these characters for 8 seasons , surly they can see it 's lost all direction . it 's a good job it is the last series or the next series may start with the team investigating the death of father christmas ! paul bentley , west yorkshire , england .
if i had realized john wayne was in this movie , i would not have watched it . it 's demeaning to the japanese , unfortunate for hollywood and embarrassing to any thinking person . but then , most john wayne movies are like that . hollywood in the fifties still believed that everybody in the world loved americans when the truth was ( and still is ) somewhat different . the movie deals with the nineteenth century isolationism of japan . maybe it 's hollywood that should be isolated.to put it as succinctly as possible , this film is appalling jingoistic claptrap . ( sort of a madama butterfly with bad music . )
hollywood always had trouble coming to terms with a `` religious picture . '' strange cargo proves to be no exception . although utilizing the talents of a superb cast , and produced on a top budget , with suitably moody photography by robert planck , the movie fails dismally on the credibility score . perhaps the reason is that the film seems so realistic that the sudden intrusion of fantasy elements upsets the viewer 's involvement in the action and with the fate of the characters . i found it difficult to sit still through all the contrived metaphors , parallels and biblical references , and impossible to accept bathed-in-light ian hunter 's smug know-it-all as a christ figure . and the censors in boston , detroit and providence at least agreed with me . the movie was banned . few boston/detroit/providence moviegoers , if any , complained or journeyed to other cities because it was obvious from the trailer that gable and crawford had somehow become involved in a `` message picture . '' it flopped everywhere . oddly enough , the movie has enjoyed something of a revival on tv . a home atmosphere appears to make the movie 's allegory more receptive to viewers . however , despite its growing reputation as a strange or unusual film , the plot of this strange cargo flows along predictable , heavily moralistic lines that will have no-one guessing how the principal characters will eventually come to terms with destiny .
anyone that has see tammuz 's child eaters knows that this is a director that can do better . let 's hope it was not a case of too many hands in the pot ( telefilm anyone ? ) and that is was a case of second feature jitters . the characters are one dimensional and over used . the scenery is terrific however and showcases the pacific northwest beautifully . the cinematography is great . shot almost entirely outside , the images are crisp and beautiful . you can almost smell the wind blowing through the leaves . technically this movie is as sound as they come - it just lacks a heart .
i must tell you right up front , i am certainly not an authority on bollywood films and have only seen a handful . however , if you 've never seen one , do n't start with this one ! i have greatly enjoyed the ones i 've seen up until this one , but i just could n't stand this one . i also must tell you up front that i could not finish this film -- it was that annoying . so why was it so annoying ? 1 . there is a character named 'rambha ' in the film . he is even more annoying than jar-jar binks -- which i never would have believed would have been possible . he is so # @ ^ ! # annoying ! ! he spoke in a falsetto voice and i think was meant to be comic relief . instead , he just grated on my nerves and wanted him to die ... slowly ! his voice , his mannerisms and his obnoxiousness -- he just did n't seem to shut up and dominated every scene he was in -- and he needed to die ! 2 . the heroes had the amazing ability to dodge ak-47 bullets with ease . i kid you not -- there was a scene where several unarmed guys took on a small army of guys with these assault rifles ! ! and , again and again , they avoided taking a single bullet and beat up the ruffians ! ! ! this made stallone 's actions in `` rambo ii '' look mundane ! ! 3 . the film was so gosh-darn loud , in your face and intense -- it practically made my brain bleed ! ! it was as if the film were made by people under the influence of meth ! ! crazy camera angles , intense music and action , action , action ... this movie is clearly designed for someone who ca n't take a movie with plot and wants nearly 100 % action . 4 . the two main characters and their actions and motivations made zero sense ... none whatsoever ! perhaps if you are the most ardent action and bollywood fan you can stand this film , but as for me i can see why it 's on imdb 's infamous bottom 100 list . wow ... this film is bad and intensely bad ! !
poor robert englund makes another flop and to the expense of tobe hooper who usually makes pretty good horror movies but he failed pretty bad at this one . englund plays the well known marque de sade who in the 17th century was enprisoned for his obsession of pain and the pleasure of bringing pain upon himself as well as watching others also be in pain . the story is so confusing with the flip flop from one century to another and i became confused as to what was going on and what was the purpose of this movie . all i saw was a young lady that became entrapped by a strange lesbian who desides to keep her to herself and the young lady became fascinated by this arabian with alot of money and finds out that he 's out to have her killed and then englund steps in from one century to another claiming to be a descendent of the de sade and tries to kill her because she reminded him of the madam momoselle ( spelled that wrong ) or whoever it was in the picture above de sades wall . the movie was terrible , i am surprised at hooper for hireing englund in this film and the special effects were so fake and laughable , especially the part about the eyes . englund tries to make a comeback from his once hit move `` nightmare on elm st. '' by using these pull in and out needles to put out peoples eyes . terrible , absolutely terrible .
allow me to start this review by saying this : i love vampire movies . they can suck ( har har pun intended ) , and i 'll still love them because vampires are just cool in movies . van helsing , considered by many to be a steaming pile of crap , was enjoyable to me because of the fact that there were vampires . you may ask : `` what does that have to do with this movie ? '' the answer is that i intend to inform you of how horrible this movie truly is , that even a sucker ( harharhar ) for vampire movies like me can despise a movie like this so much . the movie stars van helsing , a college professor guy who is n't at all convincing . he 's a terrible actor , like everyone else in this movie , and he wrote it , to add salt to the wound . i honestly to not mean to offend him , and i 'm sure everyone had fun making this movie , but watching it was actually painful . i 'm not sure why i watched the whole thing ; perhaps it was a morbid fascination , like watching an impending train crash : it 's horrible , but you ca n't manage to force yourself to look away . its main fault is that it 's just so * * * * ing boring , and its plot is so damn ridiculous , even for a science fiction horror movie . but , i digress . by the way , van helsing has sex with his mom . of course , he does n't know it 's her at the time ; he just thinks it 's one of his students ( which is still illegal and all , but not as disgusting and creepy ) . if i were van helsing , i would at least pull an oedipus myself when i found out i had done something so gross . it would 've made for one entertaining thing if he just made some comment on it , but no . the point is n't even brought up at all , by any of the characters . it 's as if the writer did n't even think of it . i would 've at least had another character laugh at him and say `` ha ha , you had sex with your mom , '' which would be mildly humorous ( although blatantly immature ) . i 'm probably running out of room , so a few more words to dissuade you from ever seeing this film : there 's a vampire ninja fight with an old man . it would be funny , but the filmmakers expect us to take it seriously . it 's not even worth watching the movie to see how bad it is . stay far , far away from it if you value your time at all . i will say one thing positive about the movie : the guy who plays van helsing is pretty slick with that knife of his . there 's like , a minute long segment where he swings around his knife and actually does some pretty nifty tricks . it would be boring in any other movie , but here , sadly , it was the highlight .
i wanted so much to enjoy this movie . it moved very slowly and was just boring . if it had been on tv , it would have lasted 15 to 20 minutes , maybe . what happened to the story ? a great cast and photographer were working on a faulty foundation . if this is loosely based on the life of the director , why did n't he get someone to see that the writing itself was `` loose '' . then he directed it at a snail 's pace which may have been the source of a few people nodding off during the movie . the music soars , but for a different film , not this one .... for soap opera saga possibly . there were times when the dialogue was not understandable when armin meuller stahl was speaking . i was not alone , because i heard a few rumblings about who said what to whom . why ca n't hollywood make better movies ? this one had the nugget of a great story , but was just poorly executed .
the soul of an ancient mummy is transferred to one of his followers so that he might punish everyone involved in the desecration of his tomb . the soul transference makes the young man age at a tremendous pace until he himself resembles a mummy . one by one , the blood is drained from those involved in the dig . to be as brief as possible , pharaoh 's curse is quite the lackluster affair . while the movie does present a few good , original ideas ( blood sucking mummy 's , soul transference , interesting make-up effects , the arm ripping scene , etc . ) and a few atmospheric moments , the direction and pace are the very definition of plodding . to make matters even worse , the first 15 of the film 's relatively short 66 minute runtime consist of nothing much more than padding . i usually go for these slow moving mummy movies , but pharaoh 's curse tests even my patients . the cast helps very little . with only one exception ( ziva rodann is the lone bright spot – wish the movie could have focused more on her mysterious character ) , the cast is as dull as the screenplay . finally , i do n't know whose idea it was to put the mummy-looking servant in what appears to be pajamas , but it 's a laughable , ridiculous look for a creature that supposed to instill fear in the audience . despite my mostly negative comments on the pharaoh 's curse , i 'm going to rate it a 4/10 . not a good rating to be sure , but generous given all the problems i have with the movie .
early film directed by d.w. griffith ; it features a gloriously happy king ( arthur v. johnson ) and his queen ( marion leonard ) - but , wait ! when the king leaves the scene , his queen makes music with the palace 's minstrel ( henry b. walthall ) . when the king discovers the lovers , he decides to enact a horrific edgar allen poe-type revenge . it 's difficult to believe the lovers ca n't hear those plotting against them ; although the actors are trying to look alternately noisy ( the lovers ) and quiet ( the cement mixers ) . the sets make `` the sealed room '' look very staged . the performances are okay , and the story is easy to follow . * * * the sealed room ( 9/2/09 ) d.w. griffith ~ arthur v. johnson , henry b. walthall , marion leonard
we bought this film from a shop called poundland . we were looking for more inspiration as we have previously bought the film no big deal an remade it . we expected this film to be badly inspirational so that we might remake it and put it on the tube . however , this was shocking . boring is the main word that comes to mind . the bad effects and script are n't enough to make you watch it . the main woman 's body seems to be whipped out at opportune moments in a pathetic attempt to keep the viewer interested . however , it just makes you wonder , did they blow the budget getting her to take her clothes off ? if so , i 'd have asked for a refund ! it looks like a homemade film , the shots do n't even correspond with each other and the camera work is so amateur it makes our remakes of bad movies look professional . i can not believe that this is being sold as a marketable product . it is just boring and ugly to watch . the actors are bad and there is no degree of professionalism about it . there are no words to describe how terrible it is .
some nice scenery , but the story itself -- in which a self-proclaimed egyptologist ( lesley-anne down ) visits egypt and , in the course of doing egyptologist things in the most un-egyptologistic of ways ( e.g. , flash photography in the tombs , the handling of old parchment , etc . ) , uncovers a black market turf war and somehow ( in the span of two days , no less ! ) becomes that war 's jumpsuit-wearing epicenter -- is more puzzling than any riddle the sphinx ever posed . down is simply awful as the visiting british scholar ( that she seems to know absolutely nothing about the culture of egypt and even less about antiquities is the fault of the writers , certainly ; but that she 's annoying as all get out is her own fault entirely ) , and the rest of the cast , including sir john gielgud and frank langella , seem as downright confused by the proceedings as i was . in short , not what you 'd expect from schaffner ( planet of the apes , patton ) and co. worth watching for a laughably dated scene in which down rails against all male scholars , blaming them for her failure as an academic , while bathed under the softest light hollywood could muster . to top it off , she spends the next hour of the film shrieking and harried and running into the arms of any dude she can find . wow , talk about your performative irony ! * note to would-be egyptologists : take a year or two of arabic in grad school . it 'll really help out in the long run ...
i remember watching this on prime time when i was about 7 years old . i was a huge comic book reader at the time , and anything relating to superheroes was anticipated heavily . the end result , however , was underwhelming . i was aware of the `` emma peel '' diana prince stories , as they had only recently come to an end and diana was returned to her amazonian form . however , there was so little action that i was bored throughout most of the movie . the final costume was an interesting idea , but looked more like a cheerleader than a superhero . i saw the movie again in my late teen years . it had n't improved much . cathy lee crosby was more familiar , thanks to that 's incredible , but her acting was no better . the script had a few good ideas , like the rogue amazon , and a decent villain in ricardo montalban , but it just did n't come together and was still boring . i think they should have built the back story better , and built the show into a more epic climax . it was too much like a bland spy film , crossed with a superhero story written by someone who had never seen a comic book . the amazon elements were intriguing , but needed to be expanded . the film did succeed in forcing producers to go back to the drawing board and come up with something more faithful , if a bit too camp and low budget . the budget was also pretty low here , and superheroes do n't come cheap . it would be nice to have the movie available on dvd , if only as a comparison and historical document . even superman 4 is available , and it has nothing over this film ( except chris reeve and gene hackman ) . it 's worth seeing for curiosity sake and for a bit of inspiration and caution for future versions .
one of the worst movies i 've seen shoddy camera work , crappy filter usage , film was grainy , script was terrible , i mean come on , how predictable was the big battle at the end ..... some of the fight scenes were okay i guess .... some scenes were so bad it was comical ... like sorbo getting the horse and riding at the end ... lol i mean really .. a horse ? oh cant forget how the bad assassins roll around in the same vehicle throughout the entire movie .. one would think that after killling key witness and federal agents , they woulda been tracked down .. etc , etc really do n't bother watching it ...
i wo n't add to the plot reviews , it 's not very good . very improbable orphanage on bala . cushing and lee at their height . some nice scenery . good for face spotting , and i quote , `` look at the mouth , that is cassie from fools and horses '' . otherwise , a poor example of the british film industry . fulton mackay was far better in fraggle rock , keith barron was better in anything else and diana dors did what she did best . redeeming feature ? it was free to watch on the horror channel prior to its going over to subscription . i wo n't be subscribing on this effort .
this movie is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . there is absolutely no storyline , the gags are only for retards and there is absolutely nothing else that would make this movie worth watching . in the whole movie fredi ( oh my god what a funny name . ha ha ) does n't ask himself once how he came from a plane to middle earth . there are plenty of stupid and totally unfunny characters whose names should sound funny . e.g . : gandalf is called almghandi , sam is called pupsi ... and so on . i did n't even smile once during the whole movie . the gags seem like they were made by people whose iq is negative . if you laugh when someone 's coat is trapped in the door ( this happens about 5 times ) then this movie is perhaps for you . another funny scene : they try to guess the code word for a closed door ( do n't ask why- do n't ever ask `` why '' in this movie ) and the code word is ( ha ha ) : dung . so if you laughed at this examples you might like this movie . for everybody else : go to youtube and watch `` lord of the weed '' : it 's a lot , lot more fun .
with a bo derek movie , the audience get just what they expect . a paper thin plot and a few shots of mrs. derek in no clothes . 'ghosts ca n't do it ' is just that . the first fifteen minutes is ordinary tv drama , as long as scott [ anthony quinn ] is still alive . he is a very good actor with long experience in a lot of different roles , but it seems as even a famous actor need to work just for money sometimes . bo derek is the opposite , always playing a strikingly handsome young woman with or without clothes . the movie is a complete waste of time . if you want to see quinn , rent lawrence of arabia or la strada . if you want to see nude women or bad acting , rent any porno movie .
the good news is a movie was made , drawing on a supposed aztec myth and featuring an unusually aztec-american ( is such a word exists ) cast . the bad news is , it was dead at birth . if ed wood had come out of retirement and coached george romaro through his classic 'night of the living dead , ' this is what we might have come up with . 'the legend of diablo ' is clearly fodder for any future resurrections of 'mystery science theatre 3000 ! ' i do n't think one can even call this a ' b ' movie . the production values are so abysmal that i kept getting the feeling i was watching either a lengthy skit from a variety show or a backyard 8-mm film shot by a group of school kids . some spoilers the basic plot line sounded interesting enough to lure me into renting it . a rural california sheriff finds a box containing an aztec demon and accidentally unleashes it on the unsuspecting community . his daughters , one hot and one homely , team with a gringo fbi man and a priest , to try to re-cage the demon . meanwhile , every zombie scene one has ever seen in previous undead movies is re-enacted-poorly . these zombies walk more like an army of nutty professors than the undead ! the supposed infrared scenes from the demon 's viewpoint are nothing special and he/she/it sure seems to back up a lot ( as opposed to turning around the moving forward ) . and the scene where the priest lures the demon out of the cave in fast-motion is ludicrous ! it really , really appears to be done for comic effect-although i know it was n't ! i kept expecting the benny hill theme music to start playing & for the whole gang of zombies to start chasing the priest all over the beach ! of course the darth vader/field of dreams voice , calling the fbi agent becomes downright comical . then again , so was most of this cheese ball ! robert napton , director and writer of the screenplay , should win something for this effort ! ( how about a lifetime blackballing , like the 'hollywood 10 ? ' ) this one , i now see , is rated 1.5 on a 10-scale . i fear this might be a tad generous ! is there anything good about this movie ? well , lindsey lofaso looks pretty hot as the younger daughter of the dead sheriff . this is probably why her homely older sister ( calvi pabon ) really ran away from home ! fred estrado is reasonably decent as the fbi agent . i wonder if mario soto , who played father rodriguez , is the same mario soto who pitched for the cincinnati reds ? if so , he should have stuck to baseball . in fact , they could n't have done any worse if they had gone with a baseball theme and called it 'demons in the outfield ! ' if i find out this was actually a project for a community college cinema class , i will issue apologies . it might be good enough for a b or even b+ as long as the gang got the college 's camcorder back to campus in one piece ! 'the blair witch project ' proved that a cool , campy movie could be made on a shoestring . 'the legend of diablo , ' though , did n't appear to have a shoestring or shoes to work from ! it was low-budget , low-talent , low-everything . the very final scene-and i mean about the final 10 seconds of the film-is the only mildly creative or interesting moment . i paid $ 3.45 to rent this . i could have better spent it on a hamburger !
the concept of the legal gray area in love crimes contributes to about 10 % of the movie 's appeal ; the other 90 % can be attributed to it 's flagrant bad-ness . to say that sean young 's performance as a so-called district attorney is wooden is a gross understatement . with her bland suits and superfluous hair gel , young does a decent job at convincing the audience of her devout hatred for men . why else would she ask her only friend to pose as a prostitute just so she can arrest cops who try to pick up on them ? this hatred is also the only reason why she relentlessly pursues a perverted photographer who gives women a consensual thrill and the driving force behind this crappy movie . watching young go from frigid to full-frontal nudity does little to raise interest , but the temper tantrum she throws standing next to a fire by a lake does . watching her rant and rave about her self-loathing and sexual frustration makes love crimes worth the rental fee , but it 's all downhill to and from there . despite her urge to bring patrick bergin 's character to justice , her policing skills completely escape her in the throes of her own tired lust and passion . patrick bergin does a decent enough job as a slimy sociopath ; if it worked in sleeping with the enemy it sure as hell can work in this . but i ca n't help but wonder if the noticeable lack of energy young brings to the film conflicts with his sliminess . i 'm guessing it does and the result is a `` thriller '' with thrills that are thoroughly bad and yet comedic .
i saw this film at sxsw with the director in attendance . quite a few people walked out , and the audience could barely muster even polite applause at the end . of the 60 or 70 films i 've seen at this festival , frownland is among the worst . at 106 minutes , it is at least 95 minutes too long . you get to watch the main character 's failed and drawn out attempts to communicate , in extended real time . the same grimaces , hand over mouth motions , kinetic and frantically repeated words and syllables over and over and over again - we get the point . one site actually compares this work to early mike leigh . what drugs would you have to be on to make that statement ? given that frownland is a captain beefheart song , maybe you 'd have to be able to enjoy trout mask replica on heavy rotation to appreciate this film . unbelievably , this won a jury award at the festival . you can bet it did not win an audience award .
beginning with its long opening shot of seemingly endless rows of assembly line workers in a chinese factory , manufactured landscapes attempts to show the devastating impact of industrialization on the natural environment and traditional societies . its droning narrative assumes that industrial development in china and elsewhere is entirely unprecedented , as if there had never been an industrial revolution in europe and america and karl marx had never visited the british museum . that there might be a connection between the present-day asian drive for industrialization and wealth and earlier experiences of starvation and terror is never mentioned . at the same time , there 's an effort to present edward burtynsky 's photographs of industrial waste as somehow `` beautiful '' . much of the film is a slide show of these images . they are well produced , of museum size , and have apparently appeared in several exhibitions . to me , however , they only demonstrate that almost any photograph can be made to appear beautiful if well presented . industrial waste is still industrial waste . the relationship , if any , between the photographs and the film 's spoken message remains unclear . i do n't mean to imply that there are n't real and sometimes desperate problems when countries rush to industrialize . manufactured landscapes , however , offers only strange and bitter hopelessness . it 's like a two-hour lecture by noam chomsky . maybe it has some value as a demonstration of what 's wrong with the american ( and canadian ) left .
i question the motive of the creators of this fictional account of the btk killer 's motives . are they attempting to portray animal rights activists as sick monsters ? who is responsible for this ? do n't they think the people involved with this monster are hurting enough ? what a blatant disrespect and exploitation of the victims ! it was like a personality experiment : what disturbs you more , the slaughterhouse or the human murders ? they used actual names of some of the victims .... this movie was hideous , disrespectful and insulting ! the creators of this movie used this tragedy for their own agenda ! people need to awaken and redraw the line !
wow ... i picked this up at the local wal-mart after reading online that it had been released early . i 've been following this online for some time , and just had to buy the film . wow ... i guess the thing that really struck me was the editing , or lack thereof . time and again , characters ( usually the narrator and whoever he is with ) are shown walking ... and walking ... and walking . i am not an editor , but i do know that you can cut between someone leaving point a to show them arriving at point b . there is no need to show almost the entire journey ! wow ... i actually ended up feeling somewhat sorry for the actors involved in this . they seem to have been given no direction as to what to do during scenes other than to look scared or look happy , depending on what action was to be added at a later date . wow ... why it was decided to do almost all the effects using cg is beyond me . even ilm still employs miniatures sometimes . one of the most distracting uses of green screen in this film is the constant rushing about of ( according to the end credits ) the same group of people representing the citizenry of different towns and cities , including london . at times these folk are coming and going with no regard as to the angle of the shot or the distance they are from the camera . in one shot in london , there appear to be at least two men over six feet tall walking just behind the narrator 's brother ( played by star anthony piana without his distracting mustache ) . not since gettysburg have i seen such a fake piece of facial hair . wow ... why timothy hines talked up this film the way he did is beyond me . it is a turkey , plain and simple . on the plus side ( at least for me ) it has provided some of the most genuine laugh-out-loud bits of hilarity i have seen in quite a while .
a very tired looking burt reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these non-heroes plan to sell to `` the iranians . '' low-rent video nonsense by the producers of `` silk stalkings '' offers some decent action footage and a lot of ineptly staged `` drama '' ... a lack of logic and truly dreadful dialogue are the defining aspects , although the final twists and allegiance shifts could 've been a nifty end to a better movie . burt still has presence , although it also means you notice more when he mouths insultingly half-baked `` one-liners '' .
unbelievably bad acting , a no good , unclear story and flashy images and slow-motions where they are needed the least : adrenaline is everything a movie should not be . georgina verbaan ( a so-and-so dutch soap actress who has n't attended her english classes ) plays rich girl freya , who has the habit of 'thrill-seeking ' . which basicly is doing dangerous stunts , break stuff and annoy people . and not in a fun jackass way . then there 's dracko ( rivas ) . he kinda leads the bunch but has other illegal activities on the side . then there 's freya 's dad ( lockyer ) , who plays a dubious role as well . and , in the end , we got jason ( debutant fyall ) , the boyfriend of freya . one day , freya gets disappeared and everybody seems involved but we , the viewer really do n't care as nobody of the cast is either likable or believable , and the story does n't make any sense . why was this even made ? 2/10 .
i have been learning about the zodiac for four years now . and i 'm not saying i know much more than anyone else ... in fact out of most of the people who know and read and learn about z , i am prolly the one with the least knowledge ... but i do know or at least i think i know that most of the stuff in this would n't happen ... from how he signed his name ... to how he killed people ... i thought that godfather was the worst film ever ... the cinematography was that of a five year old ... not saying that my films are any better but i am not someone who is making movies for the mass population ... the acting i thought for the most part was pretty good really i did ... the lead did n't talk that much on camera or at all i forget and do n't know because i stopped watching ... his voice overs where good ... but really spend the four dollars and 70 cents on something else ... like a large pizza or something ... until i learn how to write a review , psycho phil
first off i 'd like to say that if i had to honestly rate this movie from a 1 to a 10 , then i 'd give it a -4 . it 's not that i 'm a tough critic , it 's just that this movie is that bad . everything from the story , to the directing , to the editing is awful . the story is not even halfway decent to begin with ( you ca n't expect much since it is based on a video game , something i was not aware of going into the movie ) but the directing and editing made it even worse . the movie cuts at awkward points and goes to scenes that are completely unrelated to the previous ones ; some , like a quick sex scene in the middle , do n't even make sense being put into the story seeing as how the characters do n't show any feelings toward each other . you could go into this movie expecting to see a pile of crap on the screen for an hour and a half and you 'd still be disappointed . honestly , if you pay to watch this movie then you are wasting your money , and if you do n't pay anything then you are still wasting an hour and a half of your life . so do yourself a favor and do n't watch it .
i have just seen this movie and have not read the book . the good thing of the movie is that at some parts it gets you thinking for a little while on the spiritual subject , evolution , sincronicity and your part in the world . however , the movie 's immersion is easily broken and there is very little rapport between the viewer and the characters . it is very clear that the book looses a lot in this movie version . the events that were suppose to show sincronicity taking place are almost unrecognizable . a lot of reasoning has to be done for the viewer to see that the scene indicates a coincidence , and even more to imagine that it has something to do with a greater purpose . enlightenment scenes are visually poor and do not create the better feeling that it was supposed to . do you recall the enlightenment with keanu reeves ( in little buddha ) ? well , this is nothing like that . most scenes are poorly executed . there are a lot of scenes that really do n't develop the story and also do not help in creating an atmosphere . the better actors in this movie , namely hector elizondo , joaquim de almeida and jürgen prochnow can not save it . the first 2 seem to have gotten more scenes than their characters should in an attempt to save the movie , and because they were paid more , but this does not work . most of the scenes are not really necessary and do not help the story at all . jürgen does good in his scenes and sells as an evil guy ( as always ) , but the script does not help him at all . the scene where he first tries to convince john ( matthew settle ) to join him is just bad script . the execution of the scene when he dies in an explosion is absurdly bad executed . the flashbacks throughout the movie can not even be commented . overall this movie is a big waist of time , read the book ! i have not read it , but it is probably a billion times better than this , it has to be . it is so bad that i had to write my first comment in imdb .
national lampoon was once a funny magazine . whether you liked the stoner hippie days of the late sixties or the smug and sassy coke-head days of the seventies ( when the comedy was fortified with plenty of naked babes ) depends very much on your date of birth , but everyone agrees that by the early eighties , middle age had killed off whichever remaining sparks of anarchic humour that the drugs had n't , and offerings like this film and the increasingly terrible spin-off records shot further holes in the hull . outside of a nicely illustrated title sequence , there 's absolutely nothing to recommend this singularly depressing stinkbug . if you make it through the baffling opening segment , 'growing myself ' , hoping things will get better , tough luck - they do n't . whoever thought the idea of a woman being brutally raped with a stick of butter was comedy gold deserved to have his head handed back to him on a platter of dog mess . if there 's ever a global shortage of guitar picks , the negatives of this rambling , incoherent ragbag of crummy ideas and dire performances may well serve some purpose .
hail bollywood and men directors ! really this is the ultimate limit in utter sacrifice made by indian woman ! ! viewing the current state of affairs in india where the wives are becoming more vicious day by day and are very possessive about their husbands - the directors .. also can be called uncle scars ( refer movie the lion king ) came up with a very new concept on how both the kept and the wife can live together happily ever after sharing everything between themselves ... including the spermikins ! ! story line : married couple - very happy - but accidentally a mishap happens and wife has a miscarriage - lost the foetus along with the capacity of ever becoming a mother ! now in in india , the in- laws usually drive away the daughter- in- law if she fails to give them an heir ! so the wife hits upon a major plan - surrogate mother ... but the scientists intervened - `` sure artificial insemination '' - no said the artist ( director actually ) - `` neighbourhood will come to know that the daughter - in - law is barren so they are going for surrogate mother ! ! neighbours ! society ! ! gosh the same ones who watch fashion tv day and night - watching girls between the age group of 14 to 40 ... al in bras and panties - well those neighbors suddenly take an upper hand in family planning and decision making ! ! so the wife sends away her husband to a beer bar where girls are dancing on the stage - all mostly uneducated and illiterate - but men love such women as they can satisfy their egos a lot ! he hires the lead dancer in the pub - asks her to bear his baby - in exchange for money - she agrees - she comes home - becomes pregnant - wife and kept - both co-exist in the same house - in the mean time the prostitute also gets a taste of household life - so much caring people around - she misses them all and cries silently ! ! in the mean time - no one in the family comes to know that the real daughter in law is roaming around with a pillow beneath her petticoat ! ! - the mother or other elderly people never took her for check-ups - nor did they try to feel the baby 's movements in the womb ! !
it 's amazing to see how nikhil advani manages to attract people to the theater till the very day of the release . i mean ..... look at the cast here , the promotion is superb , good enough songs and the trailers are fine . this makes it a house full on the first day , but it 's only when people go and see the film they realize that there is no way their money is refundable . house full the first day , the movie is out the next week . this film , inspired by 'love actually ' is what they say , did n't manage to handle the whole cast well . they tried to put in big stars but ended up by not even managing to bring out even an average performance by any one . the stories are hollow and cheesy , so the audience ca n't connect with any single one of them . it 's a big disappointment to all those who like big stars or for that matter nikhil advani after his big success of 'kal ho na ho ' .
i see quite a few positive reviews on this board , trying to revive this film from its lackluster status and starting a cult following . i see the usual ranting -- '' i guess this movie is just not for the easily offended , '' `` this movie is not shakespeare , '' etc . guess what ? neither was `` road trip '' ! and i laughed my a * * off during that movie ! there 's a way to make a crude , tasteless comedy and deliver laughs ; and there 's a way to ... just make it crude and tasteless . `` whipped '' tries to be `` swingers '' without the wit or intelligence . it seems to have been written through the puerile eyes of a 14-year-old boy . for god 's sake , the characters in this movie are supposed to be white-collar , upright citizens -- and they talk like some of the idiots i knew in freshman year of high school ! the dialogue is laced -- more like drowned -- with four-letter words . you would think that people of their status would have some degree of intelligence -- and a more extensive vocabulary . just watch a whit stillman film and you 'll see the difference . not to mention the fact that the dialogue sounds totally unrealistic and downright cartoonish . if you know any successful , white-collar businessmen who speak like the characters in this movie -- please let me know and introduce me to them . their annoying sexual banter is equivalent to that of standard locker room chat among teens just arriving at puberty . there is absolutely no insight into relationships , sex or ... anything ! ! ! it 's just a poor excuse to showcase an array of extremely -- and do n't take the word `` extremely '' for granted , because i mean it with all my heart -- crude gags . these are gags with no substance . gags that are meant more for groans than laughs . the scene at the end between amanda peet and her girlfriends was totally un-called for and totally unconvincing . there are some movies that involve interaction among females that were written by ( straight ) men and play out wonderfully . this scene involves a barrage of sexual metaphors and gestures . it involves the kind of dialogue you can never imagine leaving a woman 's mouth . it was one of those noticeably-written-by-a-guy scenes . i was n't believing it for a second . `` whipped '' is purely a sick male fantasy that 's as flat as it is annoying . i got ( very ) few laughs out of this utterly forgettable comedy , and those were probably a result of desperation . when you 're not laughing for a long period of time , you desperately look for humor in the most trivial things . so i would n't mark that down as a positive .
this film was bad . bad acting , bad directing , bad writing . but it was n't bad in a funny way . it was bad in a boring way . i watched `` surface to air '' because i thought it might be a laugh . it was n't . do n't make the mistake i did . there are plenty of more enjoyable ways to spend an hour and a half such as watching paint dry or reading the dictionary . seriously .
there are some really terrific ideas in this violent movie that , if executed clearly , could have elevated it from spaghetti-western blandness into something special . unfortunately , a town called hell is one of the worst edited movies imaginable ! scenes start and end abruptly , characters leave for long stretches , the performances ( and accents ) of the actors are pretty inconsistent , etc . robert shaw is a mexican ( ! ) revolutionary who , after taking part in wiping out a village , stays on to become a priest ( ! ) ... ten years later the village is being run by `` mayor '' telly salavas . stella stevens arrives looking for revenge on the man who killed her husband . colonel martin landau arrives looking for shaw . they all yell at each other a lot and they all shoot each other a lot . fernando rey is in it too ( as a blind man ) . the performances are n't bad , but they are mightily uneven . savalas has an accent sometimes as does landau ( who is really grating here ) . shaw and rey prove that they are incapable of really embarrassing themselves and stevens looks pretty foxy ( if a bit out of place amongst the sweaty filth ) .
for starters and for the record , the term `` necromancy '' describes the black magic art of bringing the dead back to life and it does not , in any way , relate to having sex with cadavers . that is called necrophilia and , yes , i know it 's an obvious difference but i 'm already getting a lot of remarks from acquaintances and relatives that i sport a perverted taste in movies ! this movie is quite the opposite of perverted or sleazy , in fact , and merely just qualifies as boring , inept and terribly bad . `` necromancy '' makes at least one top five ranking , namely in the list of most incoherent movies ever made ! now , director bert i. gordon is not exactly famous for delivering masterpieces ( on his repertoire there are titles like `` earth vs. the spider '' , `` king dinosaur '' and `` food of the gods '' ) but he really surpassed himself here with a totally senseless , redundant and utterly nonsensical tale about witchcraft and secretive little towns . shortly after the tragic experience of seeing their baby being born dead , lori and her husband frank move to the quiet little town of lillith , where frank suddenly got offered a prominent job in a toy factory . lori is suspicious and senses an atmosphere of morbidity , especially with the town 's patriarch and `` owner '' mr. cato behaving very obtrusive and mysterious . that 's another thing . how can anybody `` own '' a town and everybody in it ? either way , lori gradually discovers that everybody in lillith is a witch and mr. cato exclusively lured her to the town because of her supernatural ability to resurrect the dead . since many years already , cato has been trying to bring his deceased son back to life and he 's prepared to make any human sacrifice it takes . i honestly do n't see the point of the whole movie . it 's a blatant rip-off of `` rosemary 's baby '' – one of the alternate titles even is `` rosemary 's disciples '' – but the script is muddled and imbecilic beyond belief . why is n't anyone allowed to have children for as long as cato 's son remains dead ? that 's just really selfish ! when , where and how did lori suddenly learn to resurrect the dead ? `` necromancy '' definitely contains a few genuinely uncanny and atmospheric moments , but these are unwarily accomplished either by complete coincidence or through a total lack of budget . the grainy photography provides the film with an eerie ambiance and the set pieces look cheap enough to be creepy . orson welles ' performance – undoubtedly the low point of his career – is pitiable , and still it 's the best aspect about the entire movie .
how can a director that makes such great films as poltergeist and the texas chainsaw massacre make such rubbish as this ? i got this film off a friend and he didnt want it back its so bad . how this can be classed as horror i will never know . 2/10
to confess having fantasies about brad pitt is a pretty tough admission for an heterosexual to make . but what can i tell you ? maybe is that famous extra something that everybody talks about and makes a star a star . it crosses that barrier . it pulls you into unknown sensual and emotional territory . brando had it in spades , montgomery clift , gary cooper , james dean of course and in more recent times , tom cruise , jude law , johnny depp , ewan mcgregor and billy crudup . women fell in love with garbo , dietrich , katharine and audrey hepburn , grace kelly , marilyn monroe , julie christie , charlotte rampling , meryl streep , vanessa redgrave , julia roberts and very very recently natalie portman . but brad pitt has , singlehandedly , redefined the concept . he is the only reason to go out , get in the car , find parking , buy a ticket , popcorn and get into a theatre to see `` troy '' if you liked epics in the `` jupiter 's darling '' style you may enjoy this . but if you do n't , go all the same , we want to keep brad pitt in business .
this film really disappointed me . the acting is atrocious . unbelievable . and it 's about actors . the story is incredibly obvious : a group of independent actors stage a passion play and , in turn , they start to live out the lives of the characters they play . i 've been watching a lot of movies lately , thanks to netflix , and this is the first one i have n't watched all the way through in a long time . i felt i did n't need to see the end ; we all know the end of this story . for some , it seems , this `` modernization '' of the gospels is either sacrilegious or enlightening . i can not speak to any of this as i was n't raised in the christian church . that being said , i was raised in the us and i live in an increasingly christian culture . i 'm curious enough about jesus and about the modernization of the religion , for better or worse . i have n't seen mel gibson 's version , but i 'm guessing that those who liked that one will like this , except for the most conservative . i just wish this was a better film . lots of these reviews praise arcand 's direction and especially the cinematography . i liked neither . the film itself is rather prudish and preachy . i did n't believe the characters ' personae and i was never involved with their on screen lives . the play within the play is very much dated and would not , i think , carry it 's own weight in a real time production . but that 's beside the point . what i really needed for this to work would have been stronger development of the characters and the plot to support the philosophical and theological questions the film would like to be about . and the musical choices are obvious and unoriginal . there were two examples of this that come easily to mind . firstly , there is a reenactment of the parable of jesus driving the money lenders from the temple : the lead actor , who has fallen for the woman who will play magdalene and who is also a model and dancer , becomes enraged that she must debase herself by auditioning for a commercial ( with a wicked producer and plenty of panting men in the audience ) with her pants off . he trashes the place and chases them all out . i guess this is the level that the film wishes to reach . the romance between these two is entirely arbitrary and not at all emotionally realized and the scene is played out like a high-school rendering of death of a salesman , i.e. , not well . please stop hitting me over the head with this high-handed `` significance . '' the other is the relationship between the other female lead and the priest who has asked them to do the play and who , eventually , turns against them and betrays them to the nowadays-corrupt church . why . why does she sleep with this guy . `` it brings him so much pleasure and me so little pain . '' ah , the saintly whore and the lovable old coot . it seems to be just enough for arcand to signify but not worth the trouble to enrich and enliven these characters . they are going through the motions and i 'm reaching for the eject button . feel free to write me off as bored , jaded or just not interested . feel free to watch this movie and see the passion , in all its beauty , sadness and inspiration , delivered as an amateurish and gimmicky charade . feel free to have all your preconceived ideas affirmed and see any shred of artistic integrity forsaken for monotonous drivel . but do n't say i did n't warn you .
i really wanted to like this movie , but ended up bored and incredulous . the first shot is a camera feed from a robot traveling towards a bomb and is , naturally , shaky . but then the rest of the movie stays in shakycam mode , even during quiet conversational moments , to the point of ridiculousness . have the rental houses run out of tripods and steadicams ? the fact that it was shot on 16mm does n't help , as the entire movie is grainy as well as shaky . for all the effort bigelow put into accurate vehicles and equipment , there are enough glaring errors and inconsistencies that they undermine the movie 's credibility . - a car would not erupt in flames after a single shot , and once engulfed would not be extinguished by a small hand-held extinguisher . - a single humvee would not be driving around baghdad in 2004 , but would be backed up by other vehicles in case of breakdown or attack . - it would be exceptionally unlikely to be able to hit a running insurgent at long range , where the bullet is clearly taking over a second to reach the target . - i believe bombs were brought to designated disposal areas on or near a base , not some random spot in the middle of the desert . - the oil tanker attack is stated to have occurred in the green zone , a highly secure area that experienced very few attacks from within . the zone is mostly offices and palaces with few residences , yet it is portrayed as a dangerous warren of dark alleys and lurking insurgents . oddly , james never gets in trouble for the ridiculous tactic of ordering his two companions to each take an alley by themselves , thus setting up the attempted kidnapping . - speaking of which , the 3-man team is always depicted clearing buildings , chasing insurgents etc . on their own , even when there are clearly dozens of soldiers right there . - how many hours does the team have to stare at a dead insurgent hanging out a window to figure out he 's not faking it ? there were no establishing shots to show the viewer what the size and layout of the base was or where baghdad was in relation . i had no idea who the eod team reported to , nor were any other characters fleshed out . these are things the characters would know , so we should too . many of the `` surprises '' and scenes are perfectly predictable . yes , it 's obvious that the psychiatrist colonel will get into trouble with the iraqis he 's trying to move along , that the choice of cereals back home will be overwhelming , and that a driver you kidnapped will not wait for you when you leave the vehicle . finally , there was an almost complete lack of character development . renner 's character from the beginning has a troubled relationship at home , is reckless and addicted to adrenalin . he 's exactly the same at the end of the movie . what 's the point ? if this is indeed the best so far of the iraqi war movies , it 's a sorry bunch . just based on the half hour i saw of it , i 'd recommend generation kill on hbo instead .
this 1973 remake of the classic 1944 billy wilder film , `` double indemnity , '' is a textbook example of how to destroy a great script . this grade-b tv fodder also illustrates the folly of remakes in general . while hollywood has gone after greedy executives that colorize black-and-white films and sought disclaimers on wide-screen movies that are shown in pan-and-scan versions , the industry has ignored the hacks that insist on taking a classic film and diminishing it with a shoddy remake . the first step in producing a bowdlerized version of a classic is to edit the script . the billy-wilder-raymond-chandler work was cut by a half hour to fit the finished film into a specified time-slot with room for commercials . then update the production with bland , color photography , smart , upscale sets , and tv-familiar actors . thus , the brand-new `` double indemnity '' eliminates the atmospheric black-and-white film-noir cinematography that enhanced the mood and characterizations of the original . gone are the dusty , shadowy , claustrophobic sets that explained the protagonists ' desires to escape their situations at whatever cost . gone are the close bond between keyes and neff and the erotic attraction between neff and phyllis . the look of jack smight 's take on `` double indemnity '' is more `` dynasty '' than film noir . phyllis dietrickson has a designer home to die for , and neff 's comfy pad would be hard to afford on an insurance salesman 's salary , not to mention the sporty mercedes convertible that he drives . neither character has any apparent motive to murder for a paltry $ 200,000 . if not money , then perhaps murder for love or lust ? not in this version . richard crenna shows little interest in samantha eggar , and their kisses are about as lusty as those between a brother and a sister . crenna fails to capture the cynicism of neff , and his attempts at double-entendre and sexual suggestiveness fall horribly flat . eggar is little better and lacks sensuality and the depth to suggest the inner workings of a supposedly devious and manipulative mind . only lee j. cobb manages a creditable performance as keyes . director jack smight and his three principals have all done much better work . there was no conceivable reason to produce this wretched remake except to fill time in a broadcast schedule . there was no conceivable reason to resurrect this dud on dvd and package it with the original film except to fill out a double-disc package . the only lesson that can be learned from this misfire is that even a great script and great dialog can be ruined with poor casting , lackluster direction , and tv grade production values . the 1973 `` double indemnity '' should be titled `` 10 % indemnity , '' because viewing it only underscores the 100 % perfection of the original movie .
recap : full moon . a creature , a huge werewolf , is on the hunt . not for flesh , not for blood ( not that it seem to mind to take a bite on the way though ) , but for a mate . he is on the hunt for a girl . not any girl though . the girl . the girl that is pure ( and also a werewolf , although she does n't know it yet ) . three , well check that , two cops ( after the first scene ) and an old bag lady is all that can stop it , or even knows that the thing killing and eating a lot of folks around full moon is a werewolf . this particular powerful werewolf , darkwolf , is closing in on the girl . if he gets her , mankind is doomed . now the cops has to find the girl , convince her not only that there is someone , a werewolf nonetheless , that wants to rape her , and perhaps kill her , but that she is a werewolf herself . and then they got to stop him ... comments : this is one for the boys , the teenage boys . a lot of scenes with semi-nude girls more or less important for the plot . mostly less . well i guess you need something to fill some time because the plot is ( expectedly ) thin . and unfortunately there is little besides the girls to help the plot from breaking . one usually turns to two main themes . nudity . check . and then special effects . hmm ... well there are some things that you might call effects . they 're not very special though . in fact , to be blunt , they are very bad . the movie seems to be suffering of a lack of funds . they could n't afford clothes for some of the girls ; ) , and the effects are cheap . some of the transformations between werewolf and human form , obviously done by computer , are really bad . you might overlook such things . but the darkwolf in itself is very crude too , and you never get to see any killings . just some mutilated corpses afterwards . and there is surprisingly little blood about , in a movie that honestly should be drenched in blood . i 'm not sure what to say about actors and characters . most of the times they do well , but unfortunately there are lapses were the characters ( or actors ) just looses it . a few of these lapses could be connected with the problems mentioned above . like the poor effects , or the poor budget ( ? ) . that could explain why there is precious little shooting , even if the characters are armed like a small army and the target is in plain sight ( and not moving ) . but hey , when you 're in real danger , there nothing that will save your life like a good one-liner ... unfortunately that ca n't explain moments when the cop , steve , the only one who knows how to maybe deal with the problem , the werewolf that is , runs away , when the only things he can be sure of , is that the werewolf is coming for the girl , who is just beside him now , and that he can not let it have her . but sure , it let the makers stretch the ending a little more ... but i would n't mind seeing none of the lead actors/actresses get another try in another movie . well . to give a small conclusion : not a movie that i recommend . 3/10
spoilers throughout : the gettaway is mostly an action movie . and what action there is to ! ! shootouts , chases , dumpsters and much much more . it stars kim bassenger and alec baldwin as the mc coy 's . this is a remake and i have not seen the original but really did n't care for this one at all although bassenger and baldwin have some nice screen chemistry . but the movie itself did n't do it for me . the gettaway became really tiresome really quickly . the plot is overshadowed by one fight/chase after another and as the violence keeps piling up , bassenger and baldwin retain their great looks no matter what perils they maybe in . in fact , by the end of the movie they almost look better then in the beginning . i do n't think bassenger 's eye makeup moves once during the whole picture . this is n't the worst movie i 've ever seen , certainly not , but it is n't very good and unless one is an action movie purist i ca n't see really enjoying this movie because there 's just not a lot here . the gettaway is n't terribly original either , and goes every way from unnecessarily brutal to rather dull . it really could have been better i think . bassenger and baldwin give ok performances but they do n't have a lot to do except get chased and run for their lives . sometimes less is more , after seeing the same thing over and over again it gets stale . did n't enjoy this one to much .
this is one of the most boring horror films i have ever seen , as it 's absolutely god awful , john carradine has very limited screen time . all the characters are boring , and the story is terrible , plus i could see the two twists at the end coming miles away ! . the great setting and the creepy house definitely would have helped if it was n't so damn boring , and there is n't one character to root for either , plus i hope it makes it 's way to the bottom 100 , because it deserves to be there in my opinion . when john carradine finally shows up at the end , it 's a pretty good scene but it 's already way too late , and the only other screen time he had was in flashbacks , plus the only really gory scene in the movie is when a character gets his face messed up by bee 's , as it was rather gory . i got this in a dvd horror set called back from the grave and everyone really overacts in my opinion , plus it 's lucky this was included in a set i bought otherwise i would have chucked this out the window ! . this is one of the most boring horror films i have ever seen , as it 's absolutely god awful , john carradine has very limited screen time , and i say avoid it like the plague ! , you do n't want to go through the torture . the direction is absolutely terrible ! . carl monson does an absolutely terrible ! job here , making every thing look cheap , wasting his potential on making creepy atmosphere and just keeping the film at an incredibly dull pace . the acting is just as bad . john carradine is good in his scene , but other then that he 's hardly in the film other then flashback scenes . ( carradine ruled ! ! ) . merry anders overacts here terribly as laura , as she did n't convince me at all . ivy bethune is ok , and somewhat creepy , but also overacted , she did have a creepy smile at the end though . rest of the cast , i did n't pay enough attention too , as i had a lot of trouble getting through it , but they were all really bad . overall please avoid this , it 's not worth the agony ! . bomb out of 5
chris rock deserves better than he gives himself in `` down to earth . '' as directed by brothers chris & paul weitz of `` american pie '' fame , this uninspired remake of warren beatty 's 1978 fantasy `` heaven can wait , '' itself a rehash of 1941 's `` here comes mr. jordan , '' lacks the abrasively profane humor that won chris rock an emmy for his first hbo special . predictably , he spouts swear words from a to z , but he consciously avoids the f-word . anybody who saw this gifted african-american comic in `` lethal weapon 4 , '' `` dogma , '' or `` nurse betty '' knows he can elicit more laughter with the f-word than martin lawrence and eddie murphy put together . sadly , despite a few witty one-liners , `` down to earth '' hits rock bottom both as a contrived comedy and an improbable interracial romance . `` down to earth '' utterly destroys any good will that the weitz brothers generated with their landmark gross-out face `` american pie . '' this disposable drivel qualifies as a contrived as well as confusing comedy with a thoroughly improbable color-blind interracial romance . unfortunately , a more than competent cast—among them `` the full monty 's '' mark addy , chazz palminteri of `` analyze this , '' `` sctv 's '' eugene levy , and newcomer brian rhodes as charles wellington , jr.—are wasted in flat-footed , sketchy roles . hardcore rock fans will undoubtedly accuse their favorite comedian with trying to fix something that was never broken . abysmally written by lance crouther , ali le roi , louis ck , and rock , `` down to earth '' casts chris as a messenger who rides a bike by day in the big apple and gets booed off the stage at night in harlem 's celebrated apollo theatre . poor lance barton ( chris rock ) suffers from severe stage fright . nevertheless , his charitable manager whitney daniels ( frankie faison of `` hannibal '' ) sticks with him through thick and thin . after lance learns the apollo theatre will hold one final amateur night extravaganza , he implores whitney to get him in the line-up . excuse me , but if lance is such a deadbeat stand-up comic , why does the apollo keep inviting him back ? meanwhile , fate has something else in store for lance . while pedaling home on his bike , our protagonist spots a pretty lady , sontee ( regina king of `` jerry maguire '' ) , crossing the street , but he does n't see the bus that collides with him and kills him . wham ! lance barton levitates skyward with a halo wreathed around his head . in heaven , which resembles a cruise ship nightclub , lance learns that an overzealous angel , mr. keyes ( eugene levy of `` stay tuned '' ) , timed his death 40 years ahead of schedule . heavenly honcho mr. king ( chazz palminteri of `` analyze this '' ) , god 's right-hand guy , apologizes and escorts lance back to earth . the snag is lance can not reclaim his corpse , so he must inhabit another body . the best that mr. keyes can come up with is ruthless , white , 60-year old tycoon charles wellington . wellington 's adulterous wife amber ( jennifer coolidge of `` american pie '' ) and his unscrupulous personal aide winston ( greg germann of `` sweet november '' ) have just tried to poison him . reluctantly , before wellington 's body vanishes , lance accepts it conditionally as a loaner until keyes can locate a more appropriate body . meanwhile , lance-as-wellington encounters sontee again . she is a nurse activist protesting his decision to privatize a brooklyn community hospital that serves the poor . while regina king brings a surfeit of charisma to her role as a crusading health care worker , she plays a character who bypasses credible motivation in her affairs with wellington . although he is no longer black , lance not only tries to woo sontee but also win a gig at the apollo . `` down to earth '' features rock in his most unfunny role . the comedian 's reason for making this movie seems questionable . reportedly , he ate lunch with warren beatty and told beatty that he loved the original script that scenarist elaine may had penned for beatty . initially , beatty tried the race-reversal gimmick himself in his own version by trying to cast muhammad ali in the title role of `` heaven can wait . '' the deal fell through , and beatty headlined the movie himself . according to rock , his longtime co-writers and he thought that they could 'annihilate ' this classic . moreover , he justified his choice of `` heaven can wait '' based on his philosophy to `` do something you can only do when you 're hot . '' earlier , rock rejected a script about a busload of touring rappers , because he saw little opportunity to stretch his image in such an outing . as a lifeless comedian in `` down to earth , '' rock does n't so much stretch his image as he inverts it for the worst ! this half-baked concert film with an annoying plot does as much to cremate his comic reputation as it does the weitz brothers ! you know a film about a comedian is in dire straits when a scene at the nightclub is played so you can not hear the jokes , only the laughter . similarly , the casting of mark addy as wellington 's butler who speaks the queen 's english but is in reality a commoner from michigan defies logic , too . addy is an actual englishman , and he does n't have to fake an accent ; his accent is genuine . the major overriding quandary with `` down to earth '' is the on-again-off-again , look-a-like switcheroo that the characters make so chris rock does n't disappear completely from the sight for more than a few seconds . although chris spends half the movie as white guy wellington , audiences see him largely as lance , undercutting the comic irony of watching his stocky , bald-headed , caucasian white , alter-ego perform ghetto humor and chant derogatory hip-hop lyrics . incredibly , rock served double-duty as the film 's executive producer and one of its four scribes . the mystery is how such a wealth of talent could grind out such an awkward , misguided muddle of a comedy . about the only redeeming feature of `` down to earth '' is jamshied sharifi 's superb orchestral film score .
i remember this film , exhibit in barcelona ( spain ) in 1970 , for the time of a week . although it could seems incredible , and i ca n't offer any explanation for it , this movie was exhibit in a theater dedicated to ... movies of art and big quality ( that , is , bergman , resnais , malle , buñuel , and ... the projected man ) . few people saw it ( luckly people , no doubt ) and no reference about this very boring sf movie can be found in the peter nichols science fiction encyclopidie , or about the author of the original novel . very indicative . i remember of it , after all this years , a no-story , a lot of special effects that seems ridiculous effects in fact , and no more . it seems that in some countries the running time is 90 mm . and in anothers 77 min . well , it means only a little more of pain .
the final film for ernst lubitsch , completed by otto preminger after lubitsch 's untimely death during production , is a juggling act of sophistication and silliness , romance and music , fantasy and costume dramatics . in a 19th century castle in southeastern europe , a countess falls for her sworn enemy , the leader of the hungarian revolt ; she 's aided by her ancestor , whose painted image magically comes to life . betty grable , in a long blonde wig adorned with flowers , has never been more beautiful , and her songs are very pleasant . unfortunately , this script ( by samson raphaelson , taken from an operetta by rudolf schanzer and e. welisch ) is awash with different ideas that fail to mesh -- or entertain . the results are good-looking , but unabsorbing . * 1/2 from * * * *
i really did n't like this movie because it did n't really bring across the messages and ideas l'engle brought out in her novel . we had read the novel in our english class and i absolutely loved it , i 'm afraid i ca n't say the same for the film . there were some serious differences between the novel and the adapted version and it just did n't do any credit to the imaginative genius that is madeleine l'engle ! this is the reason i gave it such a poor rating . do n't see this movie if you are a big fan of l'engle 's texts because you will be sorely disappointed . however , if you are watching the movie for entertainment purposes ( or educational as was my case ) then it is an alright movie !
that might be a bit harsh for me saying that , but sadly so far in his directing career its true . just have a look at what he as done so far . they barely make it past the 3 star mark . why did i watch this movie ? 2 reasons . lucy lawless and heroes star greg grunberg . lucy was outstanding in this movie , her performance carries the whole movie . i do hope she gets a `` blockbuster '' and breaks into the bigger league of actors , she clearly has the skills . greg was not so impressive , typical tv acting style . the movie is oddly categorized as a horror . the only `` horror '' is short flashbacks , and they last a max of 2-5 seconds with a little blood in them . i personally would call this more a `` drama/thriller '' . but no matter how interesting the story actually is , bad directing , editing and acting ( appart from lucy ) destroys it . you get no real connection to the actors , something which is very important in a story like this one . you just sit there watching feeling nothing . its like watching a bad tv soap .... actually i think the tv soap would be more interesting . my advice : stay away from this movie ... or better yet just stay away from anything michael hurst is involved with .
having not read the novel , i ca n't tell how faithful this film is . the story is typical mystery material : killer targets newlyweds ; woman investigator falls in love with her partner and is diagnosed with a fatal disease . yes , it sounds like a soap opera and that 's exactly how it plays . the first 2/3 are dull , save for the murders and the last 1/3 makes a partial comeback as it picks up speed toward its twisty conclusion . acting is strictly sub par , though it 's hard to blame the actors alone : the screenplay is atrocious . during the last 1/3 you stop noticing because the film actually becomes interesting , but that 's only the last 1/3 . director russell mulcahy is very much in his element , but there 's only so much he can do with a tv budget and the network censors on his back . he 's pretty much limited to quick cutting and distorted lenses , though he managed to squeeze in a couple `` under the floor '' shots during the murders in the club restroom . unfortunately , as this is made for tv , the cool compositional details he uses so well with a wider image are nowhere to be found . note to producers : give this man a reasonable budget and an anamorphic lens when you hire him . summing it up : this film is bad by cinema standards and mediocre by tv standards ( watch csi , instead ) . if you 're in the mood for a film like this , i 've some excellent suggestions : pick up a copy of dario argento 's `` deep red '' ( my highest recommendation ; superb film ) , `` opera '' , or even `` tenebre '' . they 're stronger in every category .
what the heck was this . somebody obviously read stephen king and sartre in the same semester . we get existential angst mixed in with cheap horror . there were moments that were disturbing but each one was canceled out by horrible music , cgi , or acting . the problem with weird narratives like this is that it feels lazy . even david lynch 's work feels like that at times , and just like his interesting shows and movies it runs far far too long . and sadly this is only 98 minutes . the cast was attractive , and that is about the limit to this . i suppose it touches on feelings of adolescents and the fear of loneliness we all have , but just does n't make the characters likable enough for us to care about their fates ... whatever they were . the final scene leaves the whole thing ambiguous .
i know that the real story of little richard is a lot more thrilling than this maudlin and thoroughly average biopic . but then producer little richard was probably too reluctant to bring to light any sordid details of his life and just gave us a forgettable facsimile of his career highlights from the 50s and 60s .
this film concerns purportedly non-establishment types ( aesthetically and sexually ) who apparently can not resist basic romantic needs . although some excellent players take part , including jon tenney , timothy olyphant , and cynthia nixon , they are grounded by a puerile script which relies nearly totally upon clever dialogue ; which is n't . nixon 's role possesses the best lines , but she often homes in on them too quickly , a timing flaw which must be saddled upon the director . the grotesque climax utilizes every available cliche , spent or not , and fittingly ends this drab attempt at comedy .
this is definitely a stupid , bad-taste movie . eddie murphy stars in what is written like a sitcom . he is surrounded with his perfect family , full of good family values . if you 're looking for politically correct entertainment , this movie is for you . but if you hate the idea of being the only one not to laugh at obscene gags in a movie-theater full of pop-corn addicts , just flee .
i usually read reviews before i watch a movie . guess what , i did n't do that before watching tlb , and i have to say i was very surprised to see the above average rating at imdb . i found it to have a total lack of story . you just get dropped into it ( and , sadly , not in the way saving private ryan dropped us into the movie ) , and it also has a sudden end , which was very unsatisfying for me . i have to admit , the wounded soldiers looked pretty realistic to me , especially with the low budget in mind . but prepare yourself to have a laugh ... some guys are being tossed through the air after an explosion as if they are olympic gymnasts . a mid-air corkscrew or somersault during ww i is a bit too much for me , especially when it 's performed countless times during the movie ... but the parts that really got me laughing until i almost cried were the scenes containing close combat . the screaming and shouting german voices ... unbelievably funny . it seems as if they are spoken by one single actor / voice performer , because they all sound exactly the same , and it just sounds like a 'typical ' german voice . i would absolutely not recommend this movie to anyone , except to people who just want to have some laughs because of the sad and corny quality of it .
i really do fail to see the actual surplus value of this movie . it 's not bad enough to be hilarious . there 's no sleaze or gratuitous nudity ( although there was plenty of opportunity ) . there 's no gore . there 's no suspense in the first hour of the movie 'cause there 's way to much scenes of tourist having a party and natives playing funky tribal music . that last part was actually funny on many occasions : you see these natives hitting congas and 'jembés ' and that 's indeed what you hear ( badly synchronized ) on the soundtrack . but they also added this funky bass-line on the soundtrack . so , where was the bass-player ? at one point the natives get angry and start killing the tourists . why all of the sudden ? it 's supposed to be because the evil white men build this tourist complex , which according to their myth awakened the wrath of the river-alligator-god ( i actually missed the explanation for that one ) . but the natives did help for several months to build the tourist complex , so why the sudden angriness ? and how in the hell did they manage to push the helicopter in the water ? ? ? it 's all silly and pointless . this movie also features the skinniest afro-american model i 've ever seen . at one point our heroic leading couple visits this cave where a weird , crazy old man lives . the only point to that scene is that they make the `` shocking '' discovery that the killer-crocodile is actually an alligator . crocodile or alligator , what 's the difference ? it 's big , it 's made out of plastic and it eats people . all the same to me . the alligator is a rather silly creation . it 's very stiff & motionless and does n't even flap its feet when it swims . the eyes do n't even move when they 're shot in close-up . i guess they did n't know 'animatronics ' back then in italy during 1979 . there 's also a lot of pointless inter-cut shots of the local wildlife . i suspect it 's stock footage . like , i said , the first hour was pretty lame and the only reason i did n't switch off the movie was because my cat was asleep on my lap and i did n't want to wake the sweet thing . but the last half hour of the movie did get better . we finally get to see some action when the alligator swims through a horde of panicking people snapping its teeth and munching on them . the most entertaining ( and at the same time funny ) scene is when alice and daniel drive a van over a bridge and it collapses . we 're looking at a matchbox-version of the van falling in the river here . funny . but nicely shot . in fact there are several other nice traveling camera-moves . surprisingly for this type of flick . i was gon na point out some stupid details concerning the end of the movie , but i do n't wan na spoil it completely , in case you do decide to watch this movie . my advice is to stay away from it . if you wan na see a decent alligator movie , then see lewis teague 's alligator . i admit , that one is n't italian and is n't a jaws rip-off , but it certainly is more fun . and if you 're interested in other movies made by director sergio martino , then i strongly recommend the highly entertaining 2019 : after the fall of new york . that one 's an over-the-top rip-off of every possible existing post-apocalyptic-future-of-doom-movie . `` italians '' and `` rip-offs '' , two words that go together very well .
i read one other review that expressed the view that platoon was a never ending cycle of marines killing people , being killed , taking drugs and talking trash . i do n't agree with that because the film actually had more to it , but it a way , i can see what this person is trying to say : this had no real plot - which is a point i agree with . it is self-indulgent stone at his best . he really wanted to show , not only how war leads to death , but also how it is extremely traumatic on those who survive . unfortunately , the film seems to over `` glorify '' this aspect and the grand finale is just way too champagne , grand-standing , oscar-hunting `` let 's create an enduring image '' for my liking . the problem i have with stone and other film-makers of his ilk is that they fail to understand this simply concept : depicting the terribly bloody deadly waste that war is does not prove or even reflect on whether it was an unjust or immoral war . we have seen the same thing emerge at the moment with iraq . in case you 're missing the point , let me put it to you bluntly : if you saw how truly bloody the second world war was and how destructive it was on the lives of the surviving soldiers , would you think it was an unjust war ? if that fact alone does n't convince you that it was an unjust war , then why should depictions of the horrors of vietnam convince you that it was wrong to go to war in that instance . personally , i do not support america 's decision to go to war in vietnam , but i certainly do n't subscribe to the `` this war is wrong because people died and suffered '' theory . i do n't think that motivations are always wrong by default , just because war in itself is terrible . this says nothing of the fact that the ending or the final big `` twist '' was a bit stupid . however , this is not stones first oddball departure . wall street was a magnificent film , up until the last 30 minutes or so when it made a dreadful `` wrong turn . '' jfk is probably one of the few films stone did that actually ended very well . but it hardly matters in this one because there was very little plot up until that point of the film to twist around . and this is why i gave it such a low mark . it was virtually story-less and ultimately boring - unless you fell for the manufactured poignancy .
spoiler : the young lover , jed , is kicked out by the spinster , kate ( andie mcdowell ) , because she wrongly believes that jed is having an affair with one of her two catty girlfriends . kate thought she caught them en flagrante delicto . kate throws jed 's shoes out the door . jed reluctantly leaves , and then sits in the middle of the road to put his shoes on . then he gets run over ( `` crushed '' , one of the meaning of the title ) by a truck . and dies . `` and then he gets run over by a truck . '' can you imagine a screenwriter actually submitting a script with this plot element ? up to then , its a comedy that intends to be frothy , but lacks any real fizz . everybody but jed is just annoying . and then they kill jed , and everybody 's sad , until the end where the gals learn to love one another and be supportive , instead of destructive . i give it 2 ugh 's .
what can you say about a grainy , poorly filmed 16mm stag film , where the best and most attractive performer is a german shepherd ? nothing that would be positive . avoid this travesty at all costs . in any case , it would be difficult to find , since bestiality remains a taboo and illegal subject in the usa . i strongly suggest imdb to re-visit their weighting formula for establishing ratings , since an 8.8 rating for this piece of fecal matter is absurd ! i am , by no means , a prude and have spent many hours enjoying the classic porn movies of the 70 's & 80 's ; but this is inferior product even by the looser standards of the ( then illegal ) stag loop .
this was a disappointing film . the people seem to have no substance , the lead protagonist martin cahil has zero redemptive values , in fact everyone in it including jon voight epitomizes sleeze . i would not recommend this film to anyone . the violence is distasteful , though artfully done . the filming is to black , at least the print i saw fit this category . a disappointment .
i had high hopes for this film . i thought the premise interesting . i stuck through it , even though i found the acting , save helena bonham carter , unremarkable . i kept hoping my time spent would pay off , but in the end i was left me wondering why they even bothered to make this thing . maybe in george orwell 's version there is a message worth conveying . if this film accomplished anything , it has inspired me to read orwell 's classic . i find it hard to believe his tale could be as disappointing as this adaption . if the film maker 's message is `` the mundane life is worth living '' , well then , they 've succeeded . i would recommend this film to no one ; 101 minutes of my life wasted .
i 'm a horror/gore movie freak and this flick was so bad , i felt embarrassed for not only the `` actors '' , but also the director and the poor sap of a producer who actually put his money up for this schlock . from the title , you 'd expect some great carnage , somewhat of a storyline and at least some direction or dialog . instead , you get what looks like a slightly more violent and sexual three stooges episode . at least i laugh at the three stooges . while watching this crap , i turned another tv on and started watching howard stern until something interesting happened . needless to say , i kept watching stern . watching this `` film '' i realize that i could produce a film with three monkeys , 2 dv cameras , $ 50 dollars in loose change and a broken pc . this film is my inspiration to get into no-budget film making . watch this movie if you dare , but be warned ... there is a lot of nothing in here but a whole lot of talking and very little action . this makes `` kazaam '' look like a meryl streep film . i 'm sure germany did n't ban it due to sex or violence . other countries need to take heed .
what do you expect when there is no script to begin with , and therefore nothing that the director can work with . hayek and farrell , and donaldson and kirkin are good actors , they just do n't have anything to say or anything to react to . even the earthquake was pretty poor . and i do n't know how closely the movie follows the novel , but two have the jewish girl show up out of nowhere just so show that arturo has a nice , warm heart , but some stereotypes do n't amount to anything . and he even buries camilla out in the desert , instead of bringing her back to l.a. for a nice catholic burial where he could at least bring her flowers once in a while . pathetic . and the l.a. set was ridiculously graphically created . anything good ? the window to his apartment felt real , the curtains , the sounds , the wind . and donaldson is always great . has been since the body snatchers or night of the living dead , whichever it was .
i do n't know what they were thinking.by they , i mean anybody even remotely connected to this disaster.i 've seen so bad movies , i 've seen so really bad movies , and then there 's this.but i will say one thing.whoever wrote the script has manged to put what could possibly the most inane dialogue over written , onto the screen.there is nothing good about this movie , either from a technical standpoint or any other standpoint.whoever allowed it to be made and then released should have been fired immediately.there are a few fairly well known names in this movie.actually i hesitate to use the word movie.it 's more like a collection of random scenes that have no relation to another and make less than 0 sense.anyway , i fail to see why anyone with any dignity would appear in this.i got it really cheap , and i still got ripped of.even if i had gotten this movie for free , i would still have been ripped off.this is an absoluter 0/10
i feel like i 've just watched a snuff film .... a beautifully acted , taut , engrossing and horrible thing ! a two hour litany of perversion in the most basic and all inclusive sense of the word , sexual violence and torture , rape , decapitation , incest , corruption , live burial , and abuse , abuse , abuse . no redemption whatsoever . and i was entertained . i could n't stop watching . what does this say about me , about the people who make and act in this sort of thing , and a world that has become so desensitized that eventually real snuff films will be the norm . and i 'm neither puritanical nor humorless , i do n't try to hide from the existence of darkness , and i definitely have not led a sheltered life , but i am ashamed of myself . and i 'm sorry to see my british cousins dragging the subject-matter sewers the way my own tribe does . it does n't have to be cozy , but does it have to wallow in vicarious sadism ?
a perfect little atrocity ... i doubt if a single shot lasted for more then the reglamentary-mtv 4.4 seconds . woeful casting , worse even than in kusminsky 's version ( a reminder : he managed to miscast juliet binoche and ralph feinnnes ) . but , hey-the rich got what they deserved . dark and brooding heathcliff reduced to the state of a golden-locked angel , frail and angellic catherine presented as a chubby , melon-breasted heffer , meek and weak linton is a peeping tom , and innocent isabel becomes sara michelle-gellar 's character from cruel intentions . 15-year old eddie bauer and abercrombie and fitch donners-take notice . this thing was made for you . it is an hour-and-a-half long music video where everything is given to you ; you are saved from the uncomfortable necessity of not even trying to understand the complexity of the characters , but even from initial shock at their actions . the actors tried , but , as i stated before , they were miscasted . decent photography , but editing is on the level of tv production class in high school . i implore you all : read the book , or the cliffnotes even ; watch the previous versions of it , even kusminsky 's ; but stay away from the numerous future reruns , during which you will not receive the benefit of the commercial-free premiere .
or `` marlowe at sea '' . yet another ridiculously overrated old film with bogey . quite talky , too . bogey basically plays the same character as in the marlow films ; always in control of a situation , never nervous - no matter how dangerous a situation , calls women `` slim '' and `` dames '' and other such nonsense , is the only `` real male '' i.e . alpha male in the movie ( the only other alpha male male being the head of gestapo - but he is only a fat alpha male male ) , and - naturally - every attractive young woman who comes his way can not resist his charms and wants his penis within hours of their initial introduction . the character clichés are all here . bogey is supposed to be the same type of cynic-about-to-reform as in `` casablanca '' , and naturally he often refuses money or other valuables when being offered them - but how does that fit in with the tough cynic in him ? it does n't , so he ca n't be a cynic ; hawks wanted it both ways : a character who is both the `` cool lone cynic '' and yet a well-meaning humanitarian . i do n't think so ... bacall does her non-chalant `` cool babe '' routine for the first time , and there are plenty of overrated , not all-too interesting so-called `` sexual innuendo '' exchanges between her and bogey ; these dialogues sound silly by today 's standards . `` just purse your lips and whistle ... '' . a load of crap ... she was 19 when this was made but looks a lot older , and is far less attractive than the female stars of the day . her bony face , with its sharp features , is nowhere even close to radiating the kind of feminine beauty of a de havilland , the cuteness of a myrna loy , let alone the likability of an irene dunne . bacall was more suited for playing vampires , not femme-fatales . ( in real life she is very much like her face : a hollywood bitch . ) there is a scene in which bacall breaks into tears ; very unsuitable for her character . there are two or three bad musical numbers - but my fast-forward button was ready . if you 're interested in reading my `` biographies '' of bogart , bacall , huston , and other hollywood personalities , contact me by e-mail .
although this is generally a cheesy jungle-adventure movie , it does have some highlights - the settings are quite beautiful , and the pacing of the adventure is good . you wo n't be bored watching it . keith is as breezy as possible playing the eponymous lead , an unabashedly drunk jungle guide shanghai 'd into escorting rich boy van hoffman and his gorgeous wife shower on a hunting expedition in cannibal country . he never takes things seriously . shower is there as decoration and keith makes extensive use of her - she does n't really have to act much . she 's not the only female to show off her body and the prurient aspects of the film make it about halfway to a t/a picture . there 's nothing in this film that would draw specific attention to it , or away from it . produced to be shlock , it succeeds without too much fuss . a good 2 am cable programmer .
it looks like the brilliant team of shonda rhimes outsourced the writing of this one somewhere offshore , maybe to the mediocreland ? `` pp '' reminds me any one of the many tedious , promising at first but predictable within 1 season david kelly flicks ( picket fences , ally mcbeal , and now boston legal ) . the crazy cases they get are so outlandish , they barely evoke sympathy or sadness . and that 's what actually makes good medical dramas tick - dramatic situations you are afraid of , `` this could be me '' sentiment . they are not funny either . the actors are quite good , but the plot lines are dead and can not be brought back to live . i 'm a therapist , and let me tell you - amy brennan plays the most unbelievably incompetent , unethical , untrained therapist . whoever writes her stuff flunked the ethics and the transference/counter-transference courses in stanford . somebody should give them a code of ethics to read ( the episode with the nose-bleeding wife and the therapist 's involvement in it ) . no therapists are that bad . women yearning for men who have moved on - had been done to death , we 've all graduated `` sex and the city '' . addison in her youthful aggression towards the guy she likes - very age-inappropriate , looks so unnatural on a woman over 40 , and this otherwise talented actress does n't believe it herself and does n't deliver it very well . the only successful/palatable developments are addison struggling with her decision to move to la , and the `` voodoo dr '' and his coping with widowhood . this concept might work with a whole new writing team .
a story of amazing disinterest kills `` the psychic '' over and over again . the characters and plot are completely uninteresting ( as is fulci 's mad camera work , which is usually a redeeming factor in his films ) , and any grasp of suspense is nowhere to be found . it 's padded out to an insufferable degree -- by the end , you wo n't be clamoring with excitement but stricken with boredom ( and , like me , maybe an uncontrollable urge to fall asleep ) . jennifer o'neill 's performance deserves occupancy in a better movie . fulci gorehounds beware -- there 's just not much going on in `` the psychic . '' 3/10
well , as goethe once said , there really is n't any point in trying to pass a negative judgement that aspires to be objective on `` something that has had a great effect '' . `` la maman et la putain '' has surely passed into history as an influence on much of what 's been done in france and elsewhere in the past thirty years and no one interested in the history of film , certainly , should be dissuaded from watching it . to express a purely subjective judgement , however , i feel compelled to disagree with almost every other review posted here and say to people : `` do n't watch it ; it 's a waste of hours of your time that will just leave you feeling rather sick and angry . '' and by that i do n't mean `` sick and angry '' about `` the human condition '' or anything so general and profound as that , because that is exactly the line that most critics have adopted in their fulsome praise of the film - `` an ordeal to watch in its ruthless dissection of our emotional cowardice and cruelty '' and so on - and , if it really managed to put across a universally or even broadly relevant message of this sort , then the director would have good reason to be satisfied with himself , however pessimistic his conclusions may be . my beef with the film is rather that i do n't see this hours-long record of empty vanity and petty treachery as being justified or excused by any generally relevant message at all . all three main characters are deeply morally unattractive individuals : alexandre to the greatest degree , of course , because we see by far the most of him and because he seldom shuts up for more than thirty seconds ; marie perhaps to the least degree , because we see the least of her . alexandre 's affected and pretentious monologues have a kind of amusement value , of course , but the amusement wears thin as one comes more and more clearly to realize that jean-pierre léaud is most likely not even acting and that , with absurd remarks like `` un homme beau comme un film de nicholas ray '' , he really was just reproducing word-for-word opinions that were accepted as authentic and profound by the milieu in which he , along with the director eustache , had been living for about ten years by the time of the making of the film . i suppose if the tone of relentless superficiality and triviality had been sustained throughout 100 % of the film , it might have worked as a long sardonic comedy about a particularly shallow , worthless and despicable post-'68 milieu . what made , however , this viewer at least extremely angry with the director was his granting of at least one lengthy scene each to alexandre and veronika in which we are clearly expected to empathize with and feel for them as if they shared a moral universe with us . if a man can get away with living in the flat of and professing to love one woman , sleeping ( mostly in this very flat ) with another , and running around paris proposing marriage to yet a third , well , i suppose i can wish him the best of luck in the dog-eat-dog world he 's chosen to create for himself . what i ca n't , however , in all conscience do is listen even for a moment to maudlin monologues from him in which he speaks about his `` anxiety '' and his `` despair '' . the same goes double for the even more despicable veronika , whom we are shown barging drunk into the apartment and even the bed shared by marie and alexandre and behaving there with an infantile inconsistency tantamount to the most savage and heartless cruelty . as i say , if `` la maman et la putain '' is intended to be nothing more nor other than a portrait of alexandre , veronika and marie , three individuals whom any even halfway decent person would never admit into their company let alone their home , then i suppose there is a kind of legitimacy in praising the director for being `` unflinching '' ( though why one should even feel like `` flinching '' once one had consciously opted to create such thoroughly repellent characters to filmically observe i ca n't imagine ) . the problem , however , is that the director is clearly convinced - and appears to have succeeded in convincing generations of critics - that alexander , veronika and marie are somehow representative of human beings in general and of the limits of human beings ' emotional capabilities . this latter idea , however , is arrant and offensive nonsense . there may indeed be an inherent fallibility and tendency to tragedy in human relations in general and sexual relations in particular . but the nature and degree of this fallibility and tendency to tragedy can only possibly be determined by people who make a sincere and serious effort to make such relations work . it surely needs no cinematic or authorial genius to convey to us the information that a man who behaves like alexandre is going to end up hated , miserable , and alone , or that women who insist on expecting love from a man like alexandre are going to end up disappointed and bitter . watch `` la maman et la putain '' if you 're historically interested in what passed for culture and human interaction in a certain post-'68 parisian milieu which was probably , unfortunately , not restricted to just a few particularly anti-social types like these . but please do n't make the mistake of believing that what is recorded here has any general relevance for humanity in the way that a film by jean renoir or martin scorsese might be argued to have .
before writing this review , i went back and reread the reviews of others . this movie was a particular disappointment to me , since it features two of my favorite dancers , gene kelly and george chakiris , boasts a score by the often wonderous michel legrand ( `` wuthering heights , '' `` ice station zebra , '' `` the thomas crowne affair '' ) . the dancing was stilted , unmotivated and unoriginal , the songs forgettable , the story a joke . even the costuming was not particularly flattering . only the photography correctly captured the proper mood and spirit . i 'm glad other people enjoyed `` the young girls of rochefort , '' though i most certainly did not .
this film is a huge steaming pile . i have no idea why anyone felt that the garland/mason version needed to be redone , nor why striesand would have been a first choice to star . for that matter , i have no idea why our people ( gay americans ) tend largely to regard striesand as some kind of treasure . at least in my opinion , she had peaked professionally with with funny girl , and bogdanovich 's what 's up doc . do yourself a favor and rent the judy classic , or even the original ( a fine film in its own right ) , but please , please , please skip this stinkpot !
i admired rob marshall for chicago , but memoirs of geisha turns out to be yet another failure of combing western and asian arts . overall , the scene is beautiful , but after restless emphasis on exoticism-oriented scenes some might just find himself fed up with them . the excessive cherry blossom was , frankly , overdone . it 's probably the cultural difference of perception here : the ultimate beauty is not the showy type , as truly beautiful geisha would not be the over westernised pumpkin in the movie . some other comments have rightly mentioned the biggest flaws . as a taiwanese , i have no doubt the actress are great . an actor/actress can play any kind of role when he/she can look like it . gong li is great , but the power of emotions that she showed in this movie had not been translated into japanese style . all i saw was a bittersweet and jealous chinese woman . michlle yeoh , one of my favourtie actress , did not even look like a japanese . some comment has mentioned the peculiar delicate , feminine characteristics of japanese women , with which i ca n't agree more . these are so delicate that i assume not even all modern japanese actresses are eligible for the roles in geisha , let alone the two chinese and one malaysian actress who grew up in different cultures and probably did not know japanese culture that much . geisha is a good shot for arousing the curiosity of american audiences . but it would be an insult for the movie itself and for art alike if the movie wins the oscar for best costume , best director or best picture .
the tragedy is that this piece of rubbish was part of my curriculum while i was studying cinema . so imagine how i was forced to watch it in complete . believe me going through hell is much much easier . our professor told us that this is some film ? ? ? , but he never thought that we 'd disagree or assume the apposite . i do n't think that there is any gods on earth , we 're only humans , so all the filmmakers , therefore they can make mistakes , bad movies .. or very bad too . the main problem was n't that art , by all means , is susceptible to endless points of view , but that a lot of people just do n't get it , that every single human got his own genuine taste , his own opinion , hence what i suppose it the greatest movie ever made , can also be your worst one ever , and how that is right both ways , but how many people can understand this correctly ? . so my professor believes in this movie , and simply i do n't . however , the only way to evaluate this `` thing '' is by measuring it by its original intent to show us different kinds of old folk stories or whatever to catch on this society 's mentality , imagination , and nature . to tell you the damn truth mr. pier paolo pasolini as the scriptwriter and the director made it too unbearable to watch in the first place . the movie is so ugly . i ca n't stand this , so how about analyzing it , then discovering the potential beauty in it ! ! it 's beyond your mind hideousness , and strangely not for the sake of the movie 's case or anything , it 's for the sake of the unstable vision of ( pasolini ) . his work is so primitive to underdeveloped extent . the deadly cinematic technique , the effective sense of silliness , and the incredible horribleness made everything obnoxious . look at the atrocious acting , the unfruitful cinematography , the awfully poor sets , .. oh my god i 've got the nausea already . it can terminate your objectivity violently as watching this movie is one true pain like taking the wisdom tooth off by a blind doctor . there are dreadful nightmares which could be more merciful than this . so originally , how to continue that just to review it fairly ? actually , you do n't . as this very movie does n't treat you fair at all . there is really memorable scene in here where some boys are peeing into the eye of the camera ( ! ) i 'm trying to connect some things like that with pasolini 's end as murdered .
as it is often the case , the impressive and explosive trailers of asian films add up to nothing more than lackluster stories . similar to unleashed ( which was great , ) dog bite dog tells a story where men are raised as ferocious savage dogs that carry out their master 's bidding . the main characters , an emotionally undeveloped , amoral killer who is matched against an equally unstable police officer , are far from the common heroes and villains we often see . in fact , by the end , you lose track of who you 're supposed to empathize with , failing to feel even the slightest emotion for either of the men – whether that was the failure of the director or perhaps the underlining message he was trying to tell is up to you to decide . although the beginning of the film was filled with intrigue and unpredictability , by the half-way point it slopped down to a humdrum story of survival and revenge . the suspense which was evident at first soon disappeared because of a grossly mismatched music score which brought down the potentially effective story telling . and in the end , you were left feeling that all that detailed background information and introspection of the main characters was somehow very unnecessary . on the plus side , the transition in story from point a to point b was quite atypical compared to us movies – so those who are n't familiar with asian films and are tired of hollywood 's predictability should check it out . the white balance seemed off throughout most of the film . it was like looking into a picture shot on fluorescent when it was supposed to be set on tungsten . maybe i 'm the only one , but it strained my eyes . the movie also enjoyed playing tricks on you – an interesting build-up gave me hope for the slow moving story until it was diverted to a low budget , low speed chase scene . and just when you think you were going to get an unanswered indie ending with a mix of shakespearean tragedy , you realize that it 's not an ending at all , but rather a transition into a wacky country-music montage about peace and serenity . throw in some grisly from-behind choke scenes , a moment of redemption unexpectedly brought back into savagery and back again the other way , asians ' fascination with bodily fluids and a horrible music score that did n't match the film , and you get the average bland asian thriller . i just do n't get why every fight scene was overlaid with clips of roaring lions i thought they were supposed to symbolize dogs ? ultimately , in the end , we are reminded about a true killer that still lurks amongst us – tetanus . 4/10
i found horrorvision almost unwatchable . while only 70 minutes in length i still found myself hitting the fast forward button again and again . the acting was of the ` if i scream and say * * * k a lot i 'm intense ' school . and the story was at best a scenario that had yet to be fleshed out . while i never go to full moon for great film making i have never seen them produce as bad a piece of junk as this .
the films of upa are surprisingly well rated on imdb despite the fact that the animation quality is light-years behind that of looney toons , disney and mgm at their prime . sadly , due to rising costs in making pretty cartoons with high frame-rates and lovely backgrounds , the upa style ( which debuted about 1950 ) began to dominate in the late 50s and 60s . after all , the films were dirt cheap to make and they 'd received several oscars to `` prove '' that the cartoons were now mainstream . so as a result , lousy animation was becoming the norm and this trend was n't reversed until the 1980s . this upa film is one of the early ones . the characters are very simply drawn ( any simpler and they would have used stick figures ) and the backgrounds were ugly -- simple line drawings with colors added in a very slap-dash manner ( often with a sponge and rarely completely filling the items ) . as for the story , it 's a jive story with a strong jazz style attitude . some will love this , others will just find it very , very loud . it 's the traditional `` frankie and johnny '' story and because of the shootings and all , it 's probably not a great film for the kids . heck , because of the animation and jazz , it 's not a particularly good film for me , either ! some will read my review and no doubt think i am a crank ( which i am , to a degree ) . however , i love animated films and a little of this minimalistic upa style goes a very , very long way and you ca n't seriously consider them great works of art -- just very , very quickly made cartoons . ignore the oscars and try watching some classic cartoons or something -- anything else !
this film is roughly what it sounds like : a futuristic version of the cinderella legend but with songs and ( fairly tame ) sex scenes ! the film is not sure what it wants to be and pretty much ends up a mess . it 's more expensive looking than most of director al adamson 's films but it 's not at the same budget level that viewers have come to expect from sci-fi films . the actors are pretty bad and unlike most adamson films , there are no former big namers or b actors . some of the music is ok but it 's easy to see why cinderella 2000 has been forgotten for so many years .
i discovered this movie on ifc , and i thought it would be interesting . for `` tiny '' love stories , some of the stories really dragged on in this movie . the fact that none of these women had names almost makes you suspect that the actresses were talking about their own real sex lives , including kathy baker and alicia witt . i have to admit , i want to start seeing some more romantic views of first sexual encounters again , like in `` strike ! ( 1998 ) , '' when odette sinclair 's acquaintances started asking about her presumed first time , and tweety asked `` was it beautiful ? '' some might think re-enactments and flashbacks would improve this movie . i think it would make things even worse . it does n't necessarily have to be hardcore porn to get my attention , but somehow i just expected more .
`` the house of the spirits '' is quite awful . i live in south america , in a country that suffered a military dictatorship just like the one the movie tries to describe , and even though everyone knows movies may be far far away from reality , this particular movie treats viewers as both ignorant and stupid . things are not so simple and linear as appears here , and of course political process are much more complicated and interesting that the plot in `` the house ... '' . if you ca n't show that complexity on screen is better not making a movie at all . there are a lot of examples of how can politics be seriously taken in cinema , without so many commonplaces . in some parts i felt that carmen miranda may appear within parrots and palm trees . when you talk about certain things you must be not only careful but respectful to your public 's intelligence .
while i recently gave operation petticoat a positive review , i really did n't like this film even though it had so many similarities . both were made just a few years apart , both starred cary grant and both were wwii comedies . however , the overall tone and style of the films were quite different . kiss her for me , overall , just seemed like a cheaper film -- with poor writing , little energy and some very broad performances -- even when compared to operation petticoat . i think that at least much of the blame for this lies in casting jayne mansfield . the combination of her ample talents and limited acting ability really made this a-budget film look like it came from a 3rd rate studio . plus , there was n't much chemistry or energy in pairing her with cary grant -- an actor generally loved for his grace and class . it 's sort of like pairing sir lawrence olivier with marjorie main .
where to begin ? # 1 amitabh 's son , played by akshaye khanna , is 30 . amitabh 's been in prison for 33+ years ... he a ) telepathically transmitted the sperm home ? b ) asked a nice pakistani guard to mail it for him ? c ) they allow conjugal visits in secret pakistani jails d ) all of the above e ) the producers were having a little too much bhang at the time they approved the script ? # 2 ) amrita rao ( yummm ! ) wants khanna - he 's yum , yum , yummy ... and apparently he wants her - who would n't , right ? ! ... but , when her dad gets ratted out , and then killed ( i hardly think this is a 'spoiler ' as you 'd have to be brain-dead and blind not to see this coming in the film ) he 's pretty emotionless towards this catastrophe and with the tip ( metaphorically ) of his hat , leaves her behind to save his dad , never mind her loss , and says ( paraphrasing ) `` if god wills it , we 'll meet again '' ... basically meaning , `` i 'm gon na get my dad and my job done , sorry for your loss - cya ! buh bye ! '' - callus beyond even low-life hollywood standards ... # 3 ) there are so many holes in this horrible waste of time called a movie , that you can drive all the jeeps , trucks camels and any extra stuff through it . pass - really , complete and total waste of time - oh ! there is a great dance sequence ( yes , only one - as in dance sequence - regardless of quality ) great belly dancing - but not worth watching just for this . rent veer-zaara or lakshya ( will hrithik roshan ever take acting lessons ? ) for better indo-pak conflict movies ... in fact , veer-zaara is pretty damned good - 7.5/8 i 'd say !
this movie was a disappointment . i was looking forward to seeing a good movie . i am the type of person who starts a movie and does n't turn it off until the end , but i was forcing myself not to turn it off . theonly reason why i did n't turn it off was because i am a huge christian slater fan and i wanted to see him act in it . i was really speechless after i finished watching the movie . this movie was one of the worst movies that i have seen in my life . thank you christian slater for putting some humor into it . if you had n't been in this movie i would of been bored out of my mind . i also agree that anthony hopkins needs to stick to acting . by the time the movie was over i did n't even get the plot . i was both confused and annoyed .
this film was probably inspired by godard 's masculin , féminin and i urge you to see that film instead . the film has two strong elements and those are , ( 1 ) the realistic acting ( 2 ) the impressive , undeservedly good , photo . apart from that , what strikes me most is the endless stream of silliness . lena nyman has to be most annoying actress in the world . she acts so stupid and with all the nudity in this film , ... it 's unattractive . comparing to godard 's film , intellectuality has been replaced with stupidity . without going too far on this subject , i would say that follows from the difference in ideals between the french and the swedish society . a movie of its time , and place . 2/10 .
okay , i 've tried and i 've tried , but i still do n't get this guy maddin thing . tales from the gimli hospital left me cold , that movie about the austrian villagers and the one about the ice nymph were pretty to look but lacking in the story department ... and this nudie movie about abortion and hockey is just boring . i 'm glad maddin has an appreciation for silent film , but i dislike his films for the same reason i dislike the films of quentin tarantino : they 're empty homages to better , more imaginative films -- films that advanced the art form or broke new ground -- and are all style and no substance . no amount of jump cuts and odd camera angles can disguise the fact that maddin is an unoriginal david lynch wannabe , though he does have one advantage over tarantino : he generally does n't write embarrassing dialogue , because most of his films rely on intertitles . the bottom line is , maddin 's schtick is clever clever film-making for aspiring film majors .
a gave it a `` 2 '' instead of a `` 1 '' ( awful ) because there is no denying that many of the visuals were stunning , a lot of talent went into the special effects and artwork . but that was n't enough to save it . the `` sepia '' toned , washed out colors sort of thing has been done before many times in other movies . nothing new there . i can see there were some hat-tips to other old , classic movies . ok. no problem with that . but a movie has got to be entertaining and interesting , not something that would put you to sleep . the story line and the script of this movie was awful , the characters two dimensional . slow moving . some of the scenes were pretty to look at , but ultimately , as a whole , it was quite boring , i could n't recommend it .
i borrowed this movie because not only because its gay theme but the thought of role playing really intrigued me . i was pleasantly surprised that it was shot in san francisco since i live near sf . and of course it was nice to see shots of the castro district ( although the castro to me really caters more to gay male than female ) . but other than that i ca n't really recommend this movie . the characters are n't really developed for me to care and when they finally started to get to the `` role playing '' i was already bored out of my mind . and the role playing scenes that i did see were a bit embarrassing to watch . the acting leaves something to be desired . needless to say i did n't finish the movie . i 'd skip this one .
this film can be judged from three viewpoints : as history , as a profile of amin , as a fictional thriller . it fails as history , it mentions in passing the coup that threw out obote , the expulsion of the asians , and has the entebbe hi-jack as background , but not in any chronologically consistent time frame . as a profile of amin it may have been interesting , because forest whitaker is incredibly good , and if this was a better film , he would get an oscar . ( he got it - which proves the oscar voters do n't watch the films they vote on . ) it ignores relevant historical episodes in the novel , which observed amin and the history of uganda from the point of view of the doctor . it tells instead the fictitious story of the scots doctor and his impossible love life from the point of view of amin . but the story told is the one incident that amin was probably innocent of . as a fictional thriller , there is no plot to hold it together . the beginning is taut - it takes cinematic liberties with the novel , but sets up the story . the character of the doctor is well-defined , but becomes lost in the second half of the film which suffers as a result . why the doctor decides to stay in kampala is badly explained - seduced by power ? why he befriends no-one is strange . the character of the friend in the novel has been lost because the scotsman has the affair instead of the black doctor - a ludicrous entanglement which does not seem even faintly believable , but allows the writers of the film to show the ferocity of amin close at hand . the man called horse bit at the end is risible . finally in 1971 , uganda drove on the left , not right , the number plates were three letters and two or three numbers - and where are the equator tusks ? ! in short - if you 've never heard of amin , you may want to spend two hours watching this film to appreciate forest whitaker 's acting , but the last hour will bore you to confusion . if you know uganda or have read the book - do n't see the film - it will only depress you . and if you want to know why the doctor was so foolhardy - he was n't .
this has to be one of the 5 worst movies ever made . the plot looked intriguing like that of passenger 57 . but with the latter movie it somehow worked a lot better . the plot has been worked out in the worst possible way . just a few of the awful moments in the movie , a flight attendant is standing in the opened doorway of a flying 747 and trying to close the door without being sucked out by the 250 mile per hour winds ? ! ? thereafter the lands the aircraft from a few miles out starting at 8000 feet , thats impossible even for 747 pilots with thousands of hour experience . when on the runway ( perfectly straight of course ) she is instructed to pull on the flaps , huh ! ! come on flaps are there to ensure lift at low speeds , when on the runway you use thrust reverse on the engines and give maximum power ! i can go on and on about little and mostly big mistakes in the movie , but then my reply would become the size of the english dictionary . this is a movie you want to miss , take my word for it !
i hated this show when i was a kid . that was back in the day when kids show characters actually had accents , not just the bland , generic , general american dialect we 're used to . jack wild had a british accent and pufnstuf 's was southern . like one of the others mentioned , though , i never quite understood what the deal was with the witch wanting the flute . that always seemed odd to me , probably because the flute just annoyed me and i would n't have gone to any trouble to take it away ! just a comment on the similarity of pufnstuf to early 70s mcdonalds commercials that others have mentioned : pufnstuf ripped off mcdonalds . at the height of mcdonalds popularity , the tv show ( or rather , their creators ) sought to license mcdonalds characters for their show , but when mcdonalds declined the tv show changed the characters slightly and passed it as their own . they even hired former employees of mcdonalds ad agency and the voice actors to make the tv shows . mcdonalds sued and won . search for pufnstuf mcdonaldland lawsuit and you 'll find plenty of articles about it .
this is one of the few episodes ( if not the only one ) with an indisputable error in its storytelling . while handling the ralphie situation christopher states that he has heard about pie-o-my 's death in the fire accident . this is an important detail because in this context it is quite obvious that christopher knows from the beginning that tony is the one who must have killed ralphie . there is however no way chris could have heard about the accident . who should have told him and when ? by the time he is torn out of his delirium by tony 's call nobody else was informed . tony knows that - which makes it even worse ! hearing christopher talk about pie- o-my 's death could therefore only lead tony to the conclusion that chris himself has set the fire . given the impressively elaborate writing process as told by the writers themselves on the dvd i really wonder none of them realized the problem there . the story just does n't work that way . unnecessary to add that i 'm a huge fan of the sopranos . otherwise , i certainly would n't care .
for the initial 20 minutes or so ( i was watching it on a ps2 so i 've really no idea how long it took ) alienator sets up an interesting premise . i do n't think i 've seen a slasher movie with an alien from another planet as the baddie before . however , interest soon turns into stunned disbelief as you realise the 'alien ' is a huge body-builder woman in a steel bikini . yes , alienator is patently ridiculous . do n't think i hold that against it . in the world of shlock-horror , patently ridiculous can often be a good sign . however , the blatant stupidity of its premise is all the movie really has going for it . alienator is funny as hell , but it is also a shambolic suckfest of the highest order . actors heap on failed attempts at seriousness , potentially genius lines of pure cheese dialogue are stumbled over with unnerving incompetence and the direction fails to sum up even one or two decent set-pieces . by the time the movie 's finished you can barely see the original concept through the haystack of total tripe the team piled on it . add to this the fact that the 'alien ' just kills people by vaporising them , as opposed to doing any 'slashing ' as such and you have a giant throbbing heap of good ideas being left to rot . you 'll laugh at alienator , but at it , not with it . if that 's your thing then go ahead and check it out .
if you can imagine mickey mouse as a new york street pimp , or john wayne as a communist spy , then you might believe pat boone as a juvenile delinquent on his uncle 's farm in kentucky and you could conceivably enjoy this movie . this film is so stupid that it is n't even campy for a mid 1950s sexless love story . and the problem is that hollywood made such a big deal about pat boone 's refusal to kiss a woman not his wife on screen before its release that the audience knows he wo n't kiss shirley jones so you can not build any anticipation for the `` screen consummation '' of their love . it 's sort of like watching a western in which the cowboys do n't have guns . the story is pointless . even the title song is sung with pained enthusiasm . april love belongs in the worst film bargain bin along with ishtar and plan 9 from outer space .
i 've seen my fair share of badly thought-out endings and final twists to films , but i do n't recall any film that committed outright suicide like this one did . the film makers were clearly hoping that the great twist would 'surprise ' us all .... and it did , but perhaps not in the way the directors had hoped . i was left feeling surprised that connery , harris , fishburn and capshaw had anything to do with this turkey , individually or collectively . the film up until the final thirty minutes was rather engaging and i like the way the story was unfolding and the nature of the film overall . but once the twist was revealed , the plot holes and inconsistencies were remarkable , the underlying motive for revenge was ill-conceived and the ways things so neatly worked out for bobby earl was ridiculously far-fetched . what 's worse is that , once the twist was revealed , the remainder of the film became excruciatingly predictable . harris gave a terrific performance and connery is like morgan freeman in that he never gives a bad performance , even if the movie ai n't that great ! so all in all , it starts well and the unfolding keeps the viewer interested . the last 30 minutes is one of the most memorable nose dives in the history of cinema .
i 'm hearing rumors of an upcoming `` leonard nimoy demonstrates the blu-ray disc '' . with advances over the past 25 years ranging from steady-cam to cgi , it 'll be interesting to see if the franchise can be reinvigorated . i just hope it helps to remove the bad taste left in my mouth by that whole magnavision demonstration fiasco . and yes ... `` leonard nimoy demonstrates the betamax vcr '' was a brilliant milestone in entertainment history . after the tentative `` leonard nimoy demonstrates the compact cassette '' and the downright tacky `` leonard nimoy demonstrates the 8-track tape '' , who would have expected such a glorious piece of cinema ? i 'm weeping right now just thinking about it .
`` sundown : the vampire in retreat '' is a rubbish.the acting is terrible , the atmosphere is non-existent and the characters are uninteresting.the only scary thing about this piece of scum is that majority of the imdb users gave it a 10.this is really horrifying.no gore , no suspense , no violence , nothing.bruce cambell ( `` the evil dead '' , '' intruder '' ) is completely wasted , the supporting cast is also terrible.yes , some people may like this picture , especially a mainstream society but hard-core horror fans or gore-hounds wo n't enjoy this piece of crap.personally i hate horror comedies , i prefer watching serious horror movies like `` cannibal holocaust '' or `` last house on the left '' .in my opinion , a real horror movie is supposed to be scary , excessively bloody and disturbing , without stupid humour , which usually ruins the whole concept.this one is n't scary , is n't gory , is n't even funny as a comedy , so do n't waste your precious time .
without question , the worst elvis film ever made . the movie portrays all indians as drunk , stupid , and lazy . watch elvis 's skin change color throughout the film .
roy rogers stars as jesse james and his look-alike , gambler man clint burns . george `` gabby '' hayes is mr. rogers 's ex-pal , sheriff gabby . gale storm ( jane fillmore ) and sally payne ( polly morgan ) are a noteworthy team , as two reporters on the lookout for stories about the elusive outlaw hero . of course , mistaken identity / impersonation is a plot development , since rogers essays a `` dual role '' . rogers is charming , as usual ; but , there is nothing really elevating this his performance above the ordinary - any potential to deliver a memorable jekyll/hyde performance is done in by poor material . the better pair to watch are ms. storm and ms. paye as the st. louis journal reporters - they are the film 's highlight . the songs are fine , though badly synched . * * * jesse james at bay ( 1941 ) joseph kane ~ roy rogers , george 'gabby ' hayes , gale storm
i wanted to like magnolia . the plot reminded me of grand canyon ( which i liked ) . 4 different lives/stories that come together at the end but magnolia took a wrong turn halfway through the movie and i was lost . i almost turned it off right then and there but i felt i should hang in there until the end , little did i know it would be another torturous 1 1/2 hours . thank god i rented instead of seeing it in the theatre . i almost screamed out in frustration after 2 hours . the biggest kick in the pants was the ending frog scene . my dvd player still has n't forgiven me and i do n't blame it one bit . it was a unique movie , but a bad , boring , and pointless movie .
the spoilers in this review are offered as a public service , because the only way to enjoy this costume melodrama is to know that our protagonist , the lady barbara skelton , gets raped and gunned down in the end . and not a moment too soon . i 'd have shot the screen myself but i was afraid i 'd hit james mason . the original 1943 novel , called `` the life and death of the wicked lady skelton '' ( i guess people did n't whine about spoilers back then ) , was written by a woman , an english navy brat who was either troubled or cynical or both . her heroine is devastatingly beautiful , and the author seems to think that if you have beauty , nothing else matters . but other things do matter , such as the fact that lady barbara 's immediate and only response when someone gets in her way is homicide . she murders three men in five attempts . a serial femme fatale , she 's got a case of dissocial personality disorder that should have landed her in either bedlam or newgate . lockwood plays her as a narcissistic vamp , wearing so much makeup that i thought of her as a restoration-era joan rivers ( or a restoration-era joan rivers , ha ! ) . yet lady b. is irresistible to all three principal male characters -- michael rennie , james mason , and griffith jones , all of whom do good work , as does patricia roc . of course , all three admirers realize in short order what a psychotic bitch barbara is , but the plot keeps them all in her orbit until one of them finally does gun her down - accidentally , in what is meant to be either irony or just desserts . given the dramatic death scene with a boom lifting the camera out through the windows and heavenward , i presume we 're meant to give a damn about her death . but hers is the first corpse we do n't care about .
you do realize that you 've been watching the exact same show for eight years , right ? i could understand the initial curiosity of seeing strangers co-exist on an island , but you 'd think that after watching unkempt , stink-ladened heroes run roughshod through the bush with an egg on a spoon for half a decade would be enough to get you to commit to something a little more original ( and interesting ) . and i 'm not even speaking of the shows validity which for the record i find questionable . it 's just hard to suspend disbelief for `` bushy bill '' eating a rat when the entire crew of producers and camera people are housed in an air conditioned make-shift bio-dome sipping frosty mochcinno 's with moxy . what 's the appeal here ? i do n't care about these people or their meandering lives . i just do n't get it . but if you do find yourself being captivated by hairy , unwashed people , i suggest you turn off your tv and just take a trip to your local bus station where you can see people like this in their true habitat . they call them homeless people , and free of charge , you can sit back and marvel in their uncanny ability to retrieve various cigarette debris from a plethora of garbage canisters , eventually striking `` pay-dirt '' and fashioning a homemade dr. frankenstein-styled cancer-stick , all the while begging people for change for food when the stink of `` aqua velva '' on their breath is enough to suggest otherwise . and the best part ? much like survivor , every week one member of the tribe `` leaves '' the `` island '' when they are unceremoniously sent packing to the local institution when the frightening unmedicated state of full-blown schizophrenia kicks into gear ! now that 's entertainment !
my girlfriend once brought around the zombie chronicles for us to watch as a joke . little did we realize the joke was on her for paying £1 for it . while watching this film i started to come up with things i would rather be doing than watching the zombie chronicles . these included : 1 ) drinking bleach 2 ) rubbing sand in my eyes 3 ) writing a letter to brad sykes and garrett clancy 4 ) re-enacting the american civil war 5 ) tax returns 6 ) gcse maths 7 ) sex with an old lady . garrett clancy , aka sgt . ben draper wrote this ? the guy could n't even dig a hole properly . the best ting he did was kick a door down ( the best part of the film ) . this was the worst film i have ever seen , and i 've seen white noise : the light . never has a film had so many mistakes in it . my girlfriend left it here , so now i live with the shame of owning this piece of crap . news just in : owen wilson watched this film and tried to kill himself . fact . do not watch
i have to say that this was the worst film of priyadarshan ( releasing alongside much better kyonki which was also his directorial venture ) , it contains no specific storyline and just focuses on body showing by debuting actresses and some silly comedy sequences . i think priyadarshan is becoming too much repetitive in his comedy flicks just like govinda and david dhavan had done in the past after giving some good entertainers they also went on to loose their audiences.so it will be good for him to concentrate more on script and try some variations in his direction.give us more of herapheri 's and malamal weekly 's rather than giving duds like garam masala !
i am stunned to discover the amount of fans this show has . have n't said that friends was , at best an 'average ' sitcom , and not as great as others have made out . let 's face it , if it was n't for the casting of courtney cox arquette , david schwimmer , matthew perry , lisa kudrow , jennifer aniston and matt le blanc , then who knows whether this show would 've lasted as long as it has done . i very much doubt that . although as the series progressed , friends got more progressively predictable , lame and boring that i could n't care less about the characters- of whom are the most overrated in tv history- or of their plight , nor of who was sleeping with whom . and it went from being funny in the first four seasons to occasionally funny . and even when it had all these a-list hollywood actors from the movie world , i still did n't bother to tune in . the writing in friends became stale that i lost interest in this show from the sixth season onwards and as for the ending , well it was predictable to say the least . what was annoying though was that this lasted for ten seasons , whilst some of my favourite shows lasted for only three , four seasons for instance and were eventually cancelled and taken off the air for good . the show should 've came to an immediate halt by the time the cast wanted bigger salaries . in truth , as much as the series waned , it was the show that was bigger than the actors themselves , not the other way round . when it ended in 2004 , i was so relieved to see the back of this sitcom . now , there is talk of a friends reunion show coming to our tv screens very soon . and yet , i for one will not be looking forward to it whatsoever .
i have seen this movie and the other one . trinity is my name and i find that this one is worse then the first one . i have no idea why they even made another movie it was stupid and pointless sorry to say that i have all of them . i have sat through them number of times and it still drives me to turn it off 5 minutes into the movie . i like terence hill movies and i like bud spencer but this movie just drove me up the wall . if it had a different story line or at least more of a plot and more comedy it might have been funner and worth the 5 dollars i spent buying all the movies . but you make mistakes so i would say save your money and do n't bye this movie or any of the ones that go with it trust me on this one .
distasteful , cliched thriller has young couple doing cross-country research on america 's most infamous murder sites , becoming road partners with a dim-witted young woman and her snarling boyfriend -- who is an actual psycho . arty and alienating , the film 's tone alternates between pouty pseudo-irony and silly flamboyance . handsomely-made perhaps , but ultimately laughable . brad pitt 's performance as the low-rent killer is godawful . * from * * * *
well , maybe the pc version of this game was impressive . maybe . i just finished playing the ps2 version and it 's pretty much a complete mess . there are a couple elements that are okay or promising . i 'll mention those first because it will be over quickly . first , the idea of a historical gta-like game is a great one . the game gun was a historical gta-like game and unlike mafia , gun was excellent . i 'd love to see a game set during mafia 's era done right . next , the storyline is well written . the story makes sense , it has dramatic arcs , it uses an unusual device ( with much of the game being a backstory ) and it 's interesting . finally , some of the graphics -- especially those used during cutscenes -- are impressive . mafia 's designers seemed to focus on getting the graphics right in the places where gta skimped on that effort , especially the characters . unfortunately in many other areas , the graphics kinda stink , and i 'd much rather have excellent gameplay than impressive-looking characters . the gameplay is what sinks this title so low . first off , the controls and camera absolutely suck . that has to be the first focus of any game developers . you ca n't release a game where the controls and/or camera suck . number one , there 's no reason that the player 's character , tom , ca n't have his full range of motion controlled by the left analog stick . unless it 's absolutely necessary , and it hardly ever is , i hate the set-up where the left stick moves the character in a `` strafing '' way and the character can only turn using the right analog stick . here , it 's not only unnecessary , it makes most of the simplest actions a challenge . for example , tom has to climb on a couple missions . but the game is designed so poorly that you have to frustratingly keep manipulating both the right analog stick and the camera , and then press l1 every time you need to climb , or tom will descend instead . next , i 've never seen a worse fighting system . the first problem is that you ca n't auto-aim or lock on to any targets . at one early point , the game seems to tell you that you can use l2 or r2 to lock on to targets , but that never worked . so to focus on any enemy , you have to struggle with the stupid right analog stick and try to keep adjusting both the character 's orientation and the camera , which tends to drift to the wrong angle or make tom disappear all the time . by that time , you 're probably getting pummeled or shot to death . next , if you 're touching or almost touching an enemy -- and that 's certainly going to be the case for hand to hand combat or when using melee weapons , the fighting system -- which primarily consists of tapping or holding r1 , is completely useless . enemies can pummel you almost in a bear hug , but you just ca n't move unless you back off . so close fighting tends to consist of you yanking on the left analog stick , yelling at the character to move away , which it wo n't do 50 % of the time , then tapping r1 as much as you can before the enemy gets too close again and makes r1 useless . and if the enemy changes their angle to you in the meantime , you 're also going to struggle with the right analog stick to get your character oriented in the right way and to get the camera in position so you can see anything . by that time , you 're probably getting pummeled or shot again , and your only option will be to try to move the character away again . my fights often consisted of making tom run circles around an area like a comedy film , hoping that i could gain enough time to struggle with the analog stick and get a couple shots in before being at the ai 's mercy again . so much for realistic fighting . and the same problems and more exist when trying to fight with guns . if you 're touching someone , half the time the controller just wo n't allow you to fire off a shot , yet they can still riddle you full of holes . additionally , there 's no auto-aim , and the aiming system is ridiculously sensitive , even with the sensitivity set to zero under options . gunfights tend to consist of you hopelessly trying to aim or move away while the enemy puts shot after shot into you . luckily or not , damage seems to be recorded almost randomly . it can take one to ten shots or more to incapacitate any character , and there 's no rhyme or reason to it . you can put five shots into an enemy 's head and near point blank range and they 'll still return fire and hurt you . yet , the game designers seemed to care enough about realism than they built a recoil into your aiming system , so after shots with powerful enough guns , your aim will float off target , and you 'll have to fight with it again . as for the celebrated graphics , except for the characters and textures that you 're close to , they 're actually pretty disappointing . the distance always seems mostly empty , and there are often expanses of flat colors and textures nearby when you 're driving . the city was n't very well designed . it 's not varied enough , and there are n't many interesting things to see or do . the cars seem slow and they 're difficult to control . they also all drive about the same . some have mentioned the music , but that was also pretty nondescript . a much better job could have been done on that end . also , as many others have mentioned , the load times are ridiculous and constant . they tend to be over a minute long , and they occur between and in the middle of everything -- even races . overall , the mafia port to ps2 , at least , seems to have been very rushed . the game feels and plays like an incomplete hack job .
drones , ethnic drumming , bad synthesizer piping , children singing . the most patronizing `` world music '' imaginable . this is a tourist film , and a lousy one . what really kills it is the incoherent sequences . india , egypt , south america , africa , etc , etc . no transitions , no visual explanation of why we 're suddenly ten thousand miles away , no ideas expressed in images . just a bunch of footage of third-worlders with `` baskets on their heads '' as another reviewer said . walking along endlessly as if that had some deep meaning . if these guys wanted to make a 3rd world music video , all they had to do was head a few hundred miles south of where the best parts of koya were shot , and film in mexico . that would have been a much better setting for `` life in transformation . '' but no . what they decided on was a scrambled tourist itinerary covering half the globe and mind-deadeningly overcranked filter shots . the only thing to recommend this film is that it does n't suck quite as much as naqoyqatsi . rstj
this movie is pretty awful but i have some interesting information about it : it was filmed in 1976 at northern arizona university in flagstaff , az , as well as at oak creek canyon near sedona , az . a good bulk of the extras in the film are then-drama students from nau . i was a freshman there that year , minoring in theatre , but for some reason i did n't get involved with the production . i did however know several people who did and can supply this rather odd fact : there is a scene in this movie where two of the principals , as part of their hazing ritual , have to run naked into the woods . they are seen from behind in the movie , doing just that . the thing is , those are n't the actors at all but two guys i knew from the theatre department . the identity of these `` stunt posteriors '' will remain anonymous , at least to this website , unless they decide to , um , `` reveal '' themselves !
this installment of masters of horror was terrible . apparently , mr. carpenter needs to learn a thing or two about pacing and decent , plausible dialog . there were times when i literally shouted at the tv for something to happen . maybe he thinks he building suspense , but carpenter needs to trim back that overdone , over-simplified musical score of his ( or his son 's ) and advance the action a little bit . how many times did the girl say , `` oh no , i ca n't have this baby ! '' and `` oh , no here it comes '' ? carpenter takes elements from much , much better films ( assault on precinct 13 and the thing ) and throws them in here as if we are supposed to acknowledge and appreciate his trademark style . what is lacking here is genuine suspense and energy . it 's as though he 's sleepwalking through the process of movie making . for better carpenter films , stick to the tried and true classics -- the thing , halloween , and they live . for better masters of horror episodes , check out my personal favorites : family , jenifer , and dreams in the witch house .
i bought this ( it was only $ 3 , ok ? ) under the title `` grey matter '' . the novelty of seeing sherriff roscoe in a non-dukesofhazzard role intrigued me . as the other reviewers warned , it 's a pretty boring tale of a top secret government experiment gone awry . and yes , there are plenty of establishing shots , especially of a house with a pool in front of it . some of the characters and interiors are so nondescript i guess the filmmakers worried we might forget who is who , so they keep tipping us off by first showing the outside of the buildings . it 's actually kinda funny . after awhile the pool shot feels like a tv channel 's station identification logo , reminding us that we are watching `` grey matter '' . i also enjoyed two bouts of name-calling . at one point an angry test subject taunts somebody in charge by calling her a `` scientific b * tch ! '' . it 's just a very inadequate insult . several scenes later a different subject lets off steam by muttering about that `` scientific b * * tard ! '' . it just sounded very awkward to me . someday this movie will disappear forever . another decade from now it will likely be impossible to find any copies of it . almost like it never happened .
i loved `` the curse of frankenstein '' so much that i rushed out to get `` frankenstein must be destroyed '' to see cushing at it again ... even if it was without chistopher lee this time . to my great disappointment , this movie not only does without lee , but it does without frankenstein 's monster altogether ! was it a case of `` if we ca n't get lee , we wo n't have a monster at all '' ? why would they do that ? the monster is half the fun of the whole thing ! ! this film is dedicated solely to the study of baron frankenstein and his quest to finish experiments he had begun in brain transplants before ending up in an asylum . i found the script extremely weak , with the need to suspend disbelief forced upon the audience a little too much . i 'm willing to suspend a fair amount , but this movie got fairly ridiculous , which took me out of the film rather than immersing me in it . peter cushing , though , is absolutely brilliant playing pure evil in this film . for being one of the most beloved actors and notoriously sweet men , he sure could play menacing and malevolent extremely well . the supporting cast is competent , but has little to do , even the young doctor and his fiancée blackmailed into helping frankenstein . a bumbling police chief is introduced , along with his put-upon sidekick , to generate some comic relief , then they are completely dropped from the movie ! why ? we are led to believe that the police chief will be the main nemesis of the baron , then we are led to believe it will be the young doctor , and then it ends up being the victim of frankenstein 's brain transplant experiment . there was no tension , we were n't invested in the `` creature '' , and the ending was left so ambiguous as to leave one unsatisfied because it is so clear they are setting up another sequel . also , there are virtually no `` horror '' elements . yes , there is a beheading in the beginning ( off-camera ) , and we are treated to the sounds of cushing cutting the tops of two men 's skulls off ( again , off camera ) , and there is the most unsettling and thoroughly unnecessary rape scene ( 90 % of which is , again , off-camera ) . i understand that there is a love of `` letting the audience imagine it all , for their imaginations are far worse than what we can show '' , but come on , if you 're not going to give us a monster , then at least let us see the few `` horrific '' elements you do choose to include . showing us a skeleton in the lab lit with a green light is just not scary . on top of a weak script , i thought the directing was mostly flat . there were a couple of nice shots , but otherwise no excitement , atmosphere , or suspense was generated . the same director did `` curse '' back in 1958 and i thought it was brilliantly directed ... guess he was as uninspired by this film as i was . the movie gets a 4 out of 10 from me strictly for peter cushing 's powerful , nuanced performance ... beyond that , i found little in this movie worth recommending . instead , my suggestion is to watch `` the curse of frankenstein '' and see a truly great hammer horror film .
angels who got a little icky were banned from heaven and now reside in a british forest where they seduce and chop up teens . talk about high concept . on the plus side this little mother gives us tom savini , but since his acting range is limited to two minutes screen-time , his five minute presence seems a tad long . the angels run around the forest naked for the most part of the movie , but though they might have the body of an angel , their faces sure look like joan rivers on a bad day . mediocre acting and amateurish gore-effects do n't help and the night scenes fatally recall paris hilton 's most famous movie . so bad that it is really bad .
even in a bad film , there is usually some redeeming feature , something that you can say yes it was terrible , but there was that performance , or that part of the script , or that special effect , this was just simply terrible all over . the acting was laughable , the script terrible , complete with many inexplicable breakfast at tiffany 's references , and even the special effects were shoddy at best . this was a very bad film and one that even drew barrymore wishes was expunged from history . watch it if you want to : a ) suffer harsh self inflicted pain . b ) see just how bad a film can be . this is one film where i can use the cliché `` there 's ninety minutes of my life i will never get back '' with some justification !
this guy has no idea of cinema . okay , it seems he made a few interestig theater shows in his youth , and about two acceptable movies that had success more of political reasons cause they tricked the communist censorship . this all is very good , but look carefully : he does not know his job ! the scenes are unbalanced , without proper start and and , with a disordered content and full of emptiness . he has nothing to say about the subject , so he over-licitates with violence , nakedness and gutter language . how is it possible to keep alive such a rotten corpse who never understood anything of cinematographic profession and art ? why do n't they let him succumb in piece ?
i do get irritated with modern adaptations of shakespeare when the director ca n't make his mind up whether to use the original or to update it . if it 's using the original words in an updated setting , that 's particularly tricky if set in the 20th or 21st century although it can work ok in period styles , eg the trevor nunn twelfth night set late victorian very effectively . it could work with the 30 's setting if only there had been far less of the song and dance and far more of shakespeare 's text . unfortunately , it just ends up being a pretty trivial though very pleasant show . another problem is branagh himself . i agree he 's far too old to play one of the students but more important , he 's such an experienced shakespearean actor that in spite of all his efforts to be just another student , his strength of acting shows all the time . of course he should have played the king - no problem in having a mature student king surrounded by younger students . instead we had a pleasant but unimposing actor for the king , thus an unimposing so-called king with no kingly attributes . the amount of song and dance , which i found tedious in spite of the nice songs and pleasant enough dancing , unfortunately meant the great shakespearean dialogue had to be cut down drastically . so the whole thing ends up a trivial and mild confection , and i got very bored , including with the comic turns , and was glad when it ended . branagh has not done shakespeare justice in this production . accolades however to richard briers and geraldine mcewan , absolutely splendid as the older couple .
although i use this site quite frequently to see how other people rated what i think are challenging or just plain enjoyable films , after watching this `` movie '' on film four last night i felt compelled to write something down , even if it just helps cleanse me once again . the film was possibly the shallowest experience i 've ever had - the main characters played by danny dyer ( 23 ? you sure ? ) and gillian anderson ( who will always be scully as leonard nimoy will always be spock ) had no real substance about them - i 'm not sure if the first half-hour of the film did n't make the final cut but surely in a revenge movie you would like some empathy with the victims ... here i could n't care less . in fact , the only character i did seem to care about was the dog , with the stag coming a close second . and both animals out-acted dire ( sic ) and scully , who were quite frankly terrible . i guess though you 're only as good as the script you are given , and i 'd like to warmly thank the writers , the producers , the director and all of the cast for wasting 90 minutes of my life and some perfectly good electricity .
a film without conscience . drifter agrees to kill a man for a mobster for money . then they double cross him . meanwhile he falls in love with the dead man 's wife , and , without her knowing he 's the killer , moves in with her . then he `` accidentally '' kills her when she finds out . then , in a walking tall kind of heroism , he gets revenge on the mobsters who double crossed him . the first problem is that , by agreeing to take on the murder by hire assignment , the drifter loses all sense of sympathy , worthiness , and heroism . we ca n't accept any goodness in him and as a result the rest of the has no moral center . we just ca n't care about that kind of guy . and the wife ( nicely played by the fetching kari wuhrer - the sheriff in eight legged freaks ) , a high class lady who runs a mission for homeless people , similarly loses a degree of sympathy by jumping right into bed with the homeless drifter ( despite her evidently weakened state after the death of her husband ) . and , when she finds out he 's the guy – what does she do ? she locks him inside her house ( as if all houses had locks you ca n't open from inside ) with her and proceeds to berate him . stoo-pid . george wendt , however , is terrific in a role as a beefy thug . director stuart gordon did so much better with re-animator and dagon .
... but i regret having seen it . since the ratings on imdb are relatively high ( and they must also have been relatively high on netflix ) , i guess i put it in my queue because it is advertised as a gentle comedy from the uk , a category that has produced many films i liked immensely . `` saving grace , '' on the other hand , falls into the category of laugh-less comedies usually populated by hollywood movies produced and directed by the talentless . brenda blethyn is a capable actress , and i have liked her in other movies . the concept -- a gardener growing marijuana to overcome the penury she finds herself confronting after her husband 's death -- does not offend me . notwithstanding the strenuous efforts on the part of the cast to produce humor , the film falls flat on its face ( falling flat on its arse might have been funnier ) as far as i and my wife were concerned . be forewarned , oh gentle reader , not all offbeat british comedies succeed . this one is a dud .
i have to be completely honest in saying first that i fell asleep somewhere in the middle , so i can not give a full opinion about the film until i see it in full . basically , a group of thieves , including sid carter ( sid james ) and ernie bragg ( bernard bresslaw ) , plan to make a fortune stealing a shipment of contraceptive pills from finisham maternity hospital . this is where title character matron ( hattie jacques ) works , along with staff members sir bernard cutting ( kenneth williams ) , dr. francis goode ( charles hawtrey ) , dr. prodd ( terry scott ) and nurse susan ball ( barbara windsor ) . patients and their visitors are around too , including pregnant mrs. tidey ( joan sims ) and her nervous dad-to-be husband mr. tidey ( kenneth connor ) . also starring bill maynard as freddy and eastenders ' wendy richard as miss willing . this plan by the way is not working out by the way , because all the staff are getting in the way . that 's pretty much all can say about the film until i see it again in full . okay !
was this movie stupid ? yup . did this movie depth ? nope . character development ? nope . plot twists ? nope . this was simply a movie about a highly-fictionalized springer show . it shows the lengths that some people will go to get their mugs on tv . molly hagan did a great job as jaime pressly 's mom . jaime is .... well ... gorgeous ! this flick was n't so much made to be a `` breakthrough '' movie , rather , it was intended to life in a trailer park ( i live in a trailer park and ours is nothing like the one in this movie ) where everyone sleeps with everyone else , all the girls get pregnant by different guys , and all the guys drive rusted-out '66 ford pickups ( exaggeration , of course , but that 's the picture everyone sees when you mention `` trailer park '' ) . some people over-analyze movies ( case-in-point : star trek freaks ) . i watch movies purely for the entertainment value ; not to point out that the girl is wearing a different shirt in a different scene ( read the `` goofs '' bit about connie 's shirt . could it have been better ? sure . but it was funny as hell .
this is it . this is the one . this is the worst movie ever made . ever . it beats everything . i have never seen worse . retire the trophy and give it to these people ..... there 's just no comparison . even three days after watching this ( for some reason i still do n't know why ) i can not believe how insanely horrific this movie is/was . its so bad . so far from anything that could be considered a movie , a story or anything that should have ever been created and brought into our existence . this made me question whether or not humans are truly put on this earth to do good . it made me feel disgusted with ourselves and our progress as a species in this universe . this type of movie sincerely hurts us as a society . we should be ashamed . i really can not emphasize that our global responsibility as people living here and creating art , is that we need to prevent the creation of these gross distortions of our reality for our own good . it 's an embarrassment . i do n't know how on earth any of these actors , writers , or the director of this film sleeps at night knowing that they had a role in making `` loaded '' . i do n't know what type of disgusting monsters enjoy watching these types of movies . that being said , i love a good `` bad '' movie . i love shark attack 3 , i love bad taste , they are hilarious . i tell all my friends to see them because they are `` bad '' . but this ....... this crosses the line of `` bad '' into a whole new dimension . this is awkward bad . this is the bad where you know everything that is going to happen , every line , every action , every death , every sequence before they happen ; and not just like a second or two before , i mean like , after watching the first 5 minutes before . every cheesy editing `` effect '' is shamelessly used over and over again to a sickening point . i really never want to see the `` shaky '' camera `` drug buzz rush '' effect or jump cuts or swerve cuts or any fancy cut ever again ever . this is meticulously boring , repetitive and just tortures the audience . but ....... and let me be specific here , the most disturbing thing about this movie is that given the production , it appears that a somewhat decent amount of money was actually put into this excrement . i personally will grab the shoulders of the director if i ever see him and shake him into submission , demanding that he run home and swallow two-gallons of drain-o or i will do it for him . if we ever needed a new form of inhumane torture for our war prisoners abroad , just keep showing them this movie in a padded cell over and over again . trust me , i think they will become more extravagant with suicide methods after the 72nd time of sitting through this . stop these movies , they are just the most vile of all facets of our society . please . stop . now .
evil aliens owes a huge debt to peter jacksons early films bad taste and braindead.i must confess to never enjoying those films particularly and i say the same about this.jake west is a director who clearly lacks inspiration of his own and chooses to steal from those whom he looks up to.i lost count of the amount of times a major hollywood film was quoted most notably james camerons aliens.the amount of blood and gore on show here is n't funny either , the latter end of the film becomes tired and dragged out.maybe it would have worked better as a short film.the actors a poor , the direction is weak and the plot is non existent.i can see what the director was trying to do , the homage he was trying to pay , but others have done the same thing a lot better than presented here . 4/10
`` pandemonium '' is a horror movie spoof that comes off more stupid than funny . believe me when i tell you , i love comedies . especially comedy spoofs . `` airplane '' , `` the naked gun '' trilogy , `` blazing saddles '' , `` high anxiety '' , and `` spaceballs '' are some of my favorite comedies that spoof a particular genre . `` pandemonium '' is not up there with those films . most of the scenes in this movie had me sitting there in stunned silence because the movie was n't all that funny . there are a few laughs in the film , but when you watch a comedy , you expect to laugh a lot more than a few times and that 's all this film has going for it . geez , `` scream '' had more laughs than this film and that was more of a horror film . how bizarre is that ? * 1/2 ( out of four )
i 'm not saying that because the production values were so low , but because it was filmed terribly . that shot of the girl washing her hair in the creek ? did we really need to sit there for an overlong shot and watch her do that for 5 minutes in the same spot ? it was terrible , the lighting was just plain bad . you could barely see anything and when the characters were talking , you could barely hear what they were saying . did i watch the whole movie ? of course not i skipped through most of it , and i do n't want to hear anyone say i need to watch the whole thing first to judge it . this film was so poorly done and executed that even by independent and low budget standards it 's just plain terrible . awful movie ... do n't waste any time on it unless you want a good laugh , but even then it 's not because of the actors `` funny '' lines , it 's because of how painstakingly bad the production is .
from beginning to end , this is the most emotionally overwrought movie about nothing i have ever seen . the characterizations and interactions between the title character and marthe kller 's character are pure torture . the racetrack as metaphor gimmick is so overplayed that it borders on cliche , yet director pollack treats every hairpin turn as if it were something profoundly important . maybe there 's some value for a msft3000 re-playing of some of the scenes , such as pacino getting in touch with his inner female , for goof value . but , even such accidental humor is hard to find in this total turkey .
this was a watershed event in my movie watching life . i went to see this in the theater when it came out . i was completely amazed at just how bad it was . movies like this make you wonder who put the money up and who owed whom a favor - a very , very large favor . the special effects are absolutely first grade level , as in any first grader could have done them . toy rubber bats on strings with no attempt to hide the strings , arrows that appear to be drawn on the film and look to be the shape of an arrow you 'd find on a street sign , and a laughable story line . ed wood made masterpieces compared to `` conquest '' . every film student should see this thing just so they 'll know the very definition of a bad movie .
... or maybe it just is this bad . the plot is a cheap rehash of the first , which is weird , since it 's supposed to be a prequel , not a sequel . pretty much the entire movie seems like a cheap remake of the first , with scenes mimicking the things that happened in the first , only a lot more ridiculous and unlikely . where the first had a great cast , this one consist of b-list actors and rejects . the acting is mostly horrendously bad . half of the good lines in the movie are taken directly from the first , as is nearly every major character , including the ones who were n't in the first movie . i realize this was made up by a tv series pilot episode , but that 's no excuse . they did n't have to turn the ( bad ) footage into a movie . only one thing is marginally good , and that 's the erotic sequences . however , as these are nowhere near as good as the ones in the first , even this is n't raising it above a rating of 1 . if you have a chance to see it for free , and you 're a straight guy , it could be worth checking out , if you want something erotic that is n't porn . if not , avoid at all costs . 1/10
when teenagers go on a trip in a camper van there are many clichés that you can guarantee will follow . 1 ) the teenagers will be warned not to go where they are going by a crazy local . dan van husen handles that with ridiculous exposition about deadly sirens . what , who , how and why are handled in one almost unintelligible burst . 2 ) the van will break down . 3 ) whilst looking for help the group will be split up and be picked off one by one by whatever monster they have been warned about.4 ) they will find a house inhabited by a madman , he will capture them . 5 ) the house will have a phone but it will not work , it will be disturbingly decorated , there will be flickering neon light , spiders and maggots . 6 ) the madman will catch them as they try to escape in a vehicle that wo n't start ( here the high speed getaway was to be made on a tractor ) . 7 ) the madman will be seemingly killed only to come back from the dead for a cheap , weak scare and will then be killed properly . 8 ) only a girl will be left alive from the group . 9 ) there will be an unnecessary twist at the end . add to these elements naked sirens ( who the characters seem to react to in startling different ways despite the fact that everyone that sees them is supposed to fall into lust with them immediately ) that seduce and kill the teens , throats being ripped out and bodies being pulled in half and you have something resembling a twelve year old boys dream movie . i think it is only fair to say that my opinion of the director and his previous work is as low as it is possible to be but i am happy to point out that there are a few elements that boarder on pleasurable and are a great improvement on his previous film , darkhunters , which is one of the worst films i have ever seen . at times the cinematography is very good , the music and editing are a cut above his previous films and some other low budget horror movies . i was impressed to hear that it was achieved with a third of the money spent on the previous monstrosity . however , the worst things about this movie are not to be found in the body of the film , it is ultimately a mildly diverting if pointless movie that has been done time and time again , but amongst the dvd extras . if you do rent this film i implore you to listen to the director 's commentary it is beyond belief . there is more to say about this than the film itself . one staggering part of the commentary is the director 's claim that the film is cliché leaden because it was a preconceived idea . he says it is a deliberate attempt to use all of the clichés and openly he wonders if `` people will get it '' . i 'm afraid to say that if this is supposed to be a clever nod and a wink to films of the past and the genre clichés within them then it is not wittily scripted enough , acted in an appropriate tone nor directed with enough style to work . if this film was made to order it leads me to ask one question ; `` what was the point ? '' this is s afilm that just slips right into the canon of bad horror movies , any attempt to do something clever or different have n't worked . the next nugget of brilliance is a conversation about the snobbery towards digital film formats . they rightly point out that digital is often synonymous with cheapness and ease of use . however , the best moment of the conversation comes when they bemoan the fact that when michael mann makes a film in the format he is branded as a visionary . there is a simple distinction to be made here ; mann is a talented director who will use the format to fit his story and style , roberts is a horror hack who uses it to produce bottom shelf genre pictures . i think the differences are obvious and the comparison is not only arrogant but redundant . the best moment is reserved for robert 's comments about people who have taken the time to review his previous film . those who did n't like it are generalised as 'geeks ' and he even goes as far as to single out specific people for having the nerve to voice their opinion in forums that encourage them to do just that . i must admit i was slightly disappointed that my review of his last film was n't singled out for ridicule . the tirade goes further as the group joke about norwegian reviewers , complete with 'hilarious ' accents to imply that people from norway would n't know a good film simply because of where they are born . as always these sorts of comments say more about those saying them than those they are targeting , they simply make the director and his friends look ignorant . the package in rounded out with a tasteful featurette about how the sirens were cast . robert 's swears blind in voice over , ' i did n't want to make a film that was like baywatch ' as we see audition tapes of topless and naked girls writhing around on the ground . there is also a simpering , self-indulgent documentary about the making of darkhunters during which robert 's says that a reviewer has claimed that forest is `` the best british film in years '' . i do n't know who he is trying to convince . at one point in the commentary track robert 's says jokingly `` i can see people sitting at home saying `` this is n't amazing , its sh $ t '' he is n't wrong .
we purchased this series on dvd because of all of the glowing reviews we had seen here . i gave it three stars because there can be little doubt that sometimes the acting , directing and writing are brilliant . in fact they are so brilliant we did not see the propaganda that was being transmitted so smoothly on the series . if one watches it with discernment , one will see the entire litany of the radical right wing beliefs being promulgated by the fox ( faux ) news network . to avoid giving away any spoilers i will refrain from pointing out all of the dozens of specific instances . a brief look at the plots found here on imdb will disclose that everything from torture to gun control to the right of a network to provide `` infomercials '' and call them news is justified with cute plot twists and impassioned speeches given by some of the best actors in the world . we watched many shows and finally gave up in disgust when they justified torture using attorney general gonzales as a shining example of why all kinds of torture should be used in the name of protecting all of us . the series also manages to demean male and female gays in subtle ways by using them as plot devices depicting evil people . all in all the complete litany of the radical religious right wing . no doubt the popularity of this program will be used by future historians as proof that america lost its way in the early part of the this century . as a student of history myself i would characterize this program as being in a league with the propaganda produced by goebbels for hitler and some of the propaganda produced by hollywood for the american audience during wwii . so if you want to use this as a teaching tool to help your students understand how subtle propaganda can be then by all means do so . just be sure to purchase an inexpensive used copy so you can avoid enriching the ultra right wingers at faux network who produced this travesty .
let 's hope this is the final nightmare . this is the epitome of a good thing gone bad . okay , there is still some enjoyment to be had , but only in the most mundane sense . rachel talalay had been there for the duration of this franchise , had been on the production staff and produced even . i do n't know what she was thinking , but this debacle comes complete with the human video game boy and a guest appearance by tom and roseanne arnold ! i wish i had a clue what she was thinking when she wrote/directed this disappointing piece of garbage . she even tried to distract her audience from the fact that this movie was nothing more than an over-glorified popcorn movie instead of bearing any resemblance to horror , with the contrived use of a 3d ending . are n't those glasses nifty ? and you get to keep them ! it 's the equivalent of , you just spent $ 9.00 making me rich . here 's 10 cents . now , do n't you feel special ! ? sorry , but for me , it just did not make me feel special . and freddy 's had yet another face-lift . this one was for the worst , i think . all the beautiful artistry that went into his `` look '' in the earlier films has been replaced by an obviously cheaper , less detailed set of prosthetics . he looks ... less like the burn victim he is supposed to be , and more like he has a skin disorder . changing the lead 's makeup like that so far into a series is about on the same level as changing the lead actor . but wait ! they 've done that , and done that . so i guess it does n't matter . but it mattered to me . freddy is no longer scary . he 's just ... another low-rent monster like the leprechaun . it 's more ... a dark comedy than the horror classic this series promises ; riddled with what you can only hope the writers thought were witty one-liners and clever repartee ( sadly , it fell short on both accounts ) . so there 's nothing more to say than grab the popcorn and get ready to laugh , because there was not one scary or suspenseful moment in this entire film . it rates a 3.2/10 from ... the fiend : .
i had such high hopes for this film because i loved the original so much . it seems that disney , however , is trying to perfect the art of crappy straight-to-dvd sequels . they deserve a razzie . several , in fact . i thought the idea had merit , but the music was absolutely awful and the story was n't much better . what happened to the great music disney used to have in their films . mary poppins , aladdin , beauty and the beast , the lion king ... even hercules and the hunchback of notre dame . they 've made so many great movies over the years that it 's really sad that they 've sunk to point of making sequels that are n't even good enough to put in theatres . i hope this movie is not an indication of things to come for the walt disney corporation .
sometimes you wonder how some people get funding to create a movie as bad as this one . you can only stand about 5 minutes of this utter piece of garbage before you stomp back into blockbuster and demand your money back . i will now look at michael clarke duncan with apprehension ... why .... he lent his name to this vermin .
intrigued by the synopsis ( every gay video these days has a hunk on the cover ; this is not necessarily to be construed as a good sign ) i purchased ben and arthur without knowing a thing about it . this is my second ( and i assure you it will be my last ) purchase of a culture q connection video . as far as i am concerned , this dvd is nothing but a blatant rip-off . i do not make this observation lightly – i am a major collector of videos , gay and mainstream , and i can state with some authority and without hesitation that ben and arthur is quite simply the worst film i have ever sat through in my life . period . my collection boasts over 1,600 films ( 93 % on them on dvd ) and of those , well over 300 are gay and lesbian themed . i hardly own every gay movie ever made , but i am comfortable in stating that i pretty much purchase almost every gay video of interest that gets released , and very often i buy videos without knowing anything about the film . sometimes , this makes for a pleasant surprise - aimee & jaguar , it 's in the water , urbania and normal are all examples of excellent gay titles that i stumbled upon accidentally . so when i read on the box that ben and arthur concerned a conflict between gay lovers and the christian right , one of my favorite subjects , i decided to take the plunge sight unseen , despite my previously disappointing purchase of another culture q connection title , visions of sugar plums . that film was pretty bad , but compared to ben and arthur , it viewed like gone with the wind . so what was so wrong with ben and arthur ? plenty ! to begin with , the `` plot '' such as it was , was totally ridiculous . this film almost made me sympathetic to the christian right – we are asked to believe not only that a church would expel a member because his brother is gay , but that a priest would actually set up a mob style execution of a gay couple in order to save their souls ( like this even makes sense ) . the writing is so poor that many scenes make no sense at all , and several plot points reflect no logic , follow-up or connection to the story . murder and violence seem to be acceptable ends to the gay activist / right wing conflict on both sides , and the acting is so bad that it 's difficult to imagine how anybody in this film got hired . the characters who are supposed to be straight are almost without exception clearly gay - and nelly stereotypes to boot ; the gay characters are neither sexy nor interesting . this film is enough to put off anybody from buying gay themed videos forever , and the distributors should be ashamed of themselves . the only advantage this picture has over my other culture q connection purchase , visions of sugarplams , is that this one has a soundtrack with clear dialogue . hardly a distinction , since the script is so insipid that understanding the script only serves to make you more aware of how bad this film truly is . it is an embarrassment to queer culture , and i intend to warn everyone i possibly can before they waste their money on it . at $ 9.95 this film would have been way overpriced ; i understand that it 's soon to be re-priced under $ 20 , which is still highway robbery . i paid the original price of $ 29.95 , and i never felt more cheated in my life . the only true laugh connected with this drivel is the reviews – i have seen `` user reviews '' for this film on numerous websites , and there is always one or two that `` praise '' the director / writer / actor in such a way that it 's obvious that the reviewer is a friend of this ed wood wannabe . how sad . how desperate . i just wish imdb would allow you to assign zero stars - or even minus zero . if ever a film deserved it , this is it .
apparently none of the previous reviewers , most of whom praise the film for its accuracy , have actually read a biography of louis pasteur.the most glaring inaccuracy is in the relationship between pasteur and napoleon iii.back in the 1930 's the latter was invariably shown in a bad light.while far from an admirable character-he was an inept politician and a self-appointed `` military genius '' who allowed france to be dragged into a disastrous war , he was not the stupid reactionary depicted here . he had an intelligent interest in science , and like many other people in the 19th century saw a bright future because of the improvements it would bring.far from exiling pasteur , he was his patron , building him a laboratory and providing him with all the resources that he needed for his research.while the lab was under construction , pasteur became gravely ill.a bureaucrat , deciding it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for someone who would soon be dead , ordered work halted on his own authority.when the emperor heard about this , his outrage shook the bureaucracy so that there was a flurry of buck-passing , and work promptly resumed.the emperor personally visited pasteur to comfort him and reassure him that he would get his lab.the emperor would often bring members of his court to admire pasteur 's projects , and it was obvious to everyone that pasteur was one of the emperor 's favorites.pasteur 's main worry concerning the emperor was that napoleon thought pasteur was virtually a miracle worker who could do almost anything , and was constantly assigning him tasks outside of his previous experience.pasteur , a very modest man , was always protesting this , but napoleon would say that he had complete faith in him , and pasteur despite his misgivings , always came through.they always had a close and friendly relationship , and after the emperor was overthrown , pasteur refused to say a bad word about him , grateful to the end of his life . the part about his daughter having the baby , and pasteur sacrificing his principles to get a doctor , never happened.the part about the anthrax and rabies , for which he was famous , is generally correct , but the notion that the anthrax experiment raised him from obscurity to fame is false.he was famous and respected at the time this happened.this movie is ok from a dramatic standpoint , but very distorted as biography .
this mini-series is actually more entertaining than some others with much bigger budgets and grander aspirations . sotd falls somewhere between `` kung-fu '' and `` h r pufnstuff '' on the entertainment spectrum . if it were n't so long ( nearly 3 hours ) i think that kids would like it quite a bit . it 's got adventure , action , `` cliffhanger scenes '' , and not too much romance or other `` icky '' stuff . when you 're young , you 're not too critical of flexing rubber swords , campy acting , and scenes that are repeated . ( at least two scenes are repeated identically in the movie , just as was done in old-time serials in order to bring the audience up to speed . ) finally , kids are usually more accepting of american english dialogue coming out of the mouths of asian actors . ( not to mention the fact that several of the leading roles are played by non-asian actors . ) i was going to give this movie three stars , but i felt like the director , producers , and cast deserved some extra credit for at least carrying through on the project . this movie is not art , but , like painting your house , it actually took some time , effort , and discipline to get it made . overall , not a recommended use for your time , but it might keep the kids entertained while traveling in the mini-van . oh , yeah ... hey , imdb ! `` dialogue '' is the preferred and traditional spelling . your spell-checking seems to think that `` dialog '' is the proper spelling . while `` dialog '' is acceptable , both webster 's and the oed consider it an alternative form .
a bunch of kids set up a theatre to have an all-night horror movie marathon . however , as the night goes on , there 's somebody among them killing them off one by one . who is it ... and why ? i saw this in a theatre way back in 1991 . i was looking forward to it -- but boy ! it did not work at all . the premise is a good one , they have a very appealing young cast and some pros like dee wallace stone on board ... but it does n't work . the story stops making sense halfway through ( that could be because of some huge editing before the film was released ) , the killings are relatively bloodless ( how this got an r rating is beyond me ) and the unmasking of the killer at the end was boring and stupid . it 's really too bad -- this movie had potential . with a better script this could have become a great horror film . as it stands though it 's mostly forgotten and the cast itself seems embarrassed by it ( i heard stone wo n't talk about this one ) . i give it a 3 and that 's just for the cast .
a scientist ( john carradine -- sadly ) finds out how to bring the dead back to life . however they come back with faces of marble . eventually this all leads to disaster . boring , totally predictable 1940s outing . this scared me silly when i was a kid but just bores me now . i had to struggle to stay awake ! with one exception , the acting is horrible . such expressionless boring actors ! hopeless . there are some good things about this : carradine , despite the script , actually gives a very good performance . and there are a few mildly creepy moments involving a ghost of a great dane walking through walls . there 's also one of the worst-looking knockouts in cinema history . still , none of this is fun enough to sit through this . avoid .
gwyneth paltrow is absolutely great in this movie , but the story is , unfortunately , half-baked , and david schwimmer 's energy is sort of like cold mush . when he closes his mouth and gets serious for a moment or two there is a rush of what-might-have-been . who thought 25-year-old kiddies would be entertaining ?
i do n't know if the problem i had with this movie is that i was not able to capture the way movies were done in the past but i believe that this one did not miss to make use of any of the the fashionable conventions available in the 40s to make a film . if you do n't have anything better to do my advise is not to watch this movie but to read a book or to go out for a walk .
`` the domino principle '' is , without question , one of the worst thrillers ever made . hardly any sense can be made of the convoluted plot and by the halfway point you 'll want to throw your arms up in frustration and scream `` i give up ! ! ! '' how gene hackman and director stanley kramer ever got involved in this mess must only be summed up by their paychecks . i hope they spent their money well .
lorenzo lamas stars as some type of cia agent , who captures some exotic beauty named alexa , kidnaps her daughter and forces her to fight her former employers . o.j simpson is also on board to provide a dash of acting credibility for the not so talented ensemble . i must admit i 'm not a fan of lorenzo lamas , or his movies . he stinks . however when compared to o.j simpson and lamas ' comatose wife kinmont , lamas seems like ah , jean-claude van damme . i only saw cia because of the renewed interest around the o.j simpson trial , you see because if your parents had cable and the extra channels , you could n't escape this movie . in 1994 you could go to an amish community and some moron would have this playing in their portable tv . the movie itself is a collection of lame action sequences and would be intrigue although the shock value of o.j simpson jumping after fireballs and exchanging would be one liners do provide some unintentional humor . also where was bobby knight and kobe bryant to make this a complete camp classic ? * out of 4- ( bad )
this serial is interesting to watch as an mst3k feature , but for todays audience that 's all it is . i was really surprised to see the year it was made as 1952 . considering that fact alone makes this a solid ( lowly ? ) 2 in my book . the cars used do n't even look contemporary , they look like stuff from the 30 's . it 's basically cody ( the lone world 's salvation ? sheesh talk about an insult to everyone else , like the military ) , anyway it 's cody in his nipple ring flying suit against graber and daley two dumb * ss henchman who sport handguns and an occasional ray gun thats pretty lame in its own right , enjoy . if you want to watch a really good serial see flash gordan , it 's full of rockets that attack each other and a good evil nemesis and also good looking women , this has none of that . and flash was made 15 or so years before this crap so you can give it some slack . something made in 1952 , this bad , deserves a 2 . nuff said . give it a 6 if your watching it as a mst3k episode , those guys have some good fun with it ; a tweak of the nipples here , a tweak there and i 'm flying ! and now as an added bonus , i bring you the commander cody theme song as originally sung by joel and his two character bots tom servo and crow aboard the satellite of love for episode eight the enemy planet : ( singing at the very beginning credits ) ; ( tom servo singing ) your watching commander cody .... he is the new character from republic , he gets in trouble every week ... but he 's saved by editing , just a tweak of his nipples ... sends him on his way , a pumpkin head and a rocket pack .... will save the day , ( joel singing ) his labratory is a boxing ring ... when bad guys come to mix it up , somebody always gets kidnapped ... and cody has to fix it up , he drinks his tea at al 's cafe ... and flies along on wires , he beats the crooks and flies with hooks ... and puts out forest fires , ( crow singing ) bad guys beware ... cody is there , you 'll like his hair it 's under his helmut ... and because we ca n't think of a good rhyme , that 's the end of the commander cody theme song ... so sit right back with a will of granite , and watch chapter eight , cause that 's the enemy planet
ok , how 's this for original- this mean , rich old geezer leaves his estate to his adult children , all of them ungrateful losers , and two creepy servants , provided they spend the week in his spooky old house . what happens that night will surprise only those who have n't seen a movie or television show before . after a string of murders in which the victims look like they 're bleeding restaurant ketchup , we have a painfully obvious twist ending . the cast is lead by some once respectable actors must have been desperate for their paychecks . there are also a few second-tier actors who were rising at the time but long forgotten now . as a result , the film generates all the drama and mystery of an episode of `` matlock . '' i will give credit where it 's due- the closing scene is clever and amusing , if you 're still awake .
this movie was lame , lame , lame . what a build up ! what a let down . all form , no substance . a terrible waste of talent and time . would not recommend it to my husband 's dog , who will watch anything .
evidently when you offer a actor enough money they will do anything . i am not sure how much john rys-daves got , but most of the money he made should go to his fans as an apology for even being associated with such a rotten movie . the special effects were worse then effects from the 1950 's b movies and the acting of the rest of the cast was even worse . as to how bad the acting was a child gave the second best performance in my opinion . the english was terribly accented and i think no one could really even speak english they just memorized how the words should sound instead of memorizing the script and trying to make their character both `` life-like '' and real .
there 's a major difference between releasing an original , intense , edge-of-your-seat , scary , gore-fest , and doing like filmmaker eli roth and his team have done with `` cabin fever '' and simply acted like it . the film follows five college graduates into a cabin in the woods that begins to prove fatal as one after the other succumbs to this mysterious , fast-acting , flesh-eating disease . it 's not long before the friends turn on one another , and can barely stand the sight of one another , much less want to be in the same vicinity as them . as gross as it all sounds , there 's a certain spark behind the basic premise of this film that could have worked , in the hands of a less cocky filmmaker . unfortunately what we end up with is poorly drawn characters whose sole purpose seems to be to look beautiful at the beginning to make the inevitable decomposition more contrasting , a hackneyed script so profanity-laden as to leave the viewer tuning out the dialogue , and several incomprehensible subplots that motivate little more than ( in one instance ) an on-screen appearance by director roth . this is sloppy film-making in several ways ! avoid this time devourer .
this is probably one of the worst `` wan na be a low budget hit films '' to credit the dinosaur genre . the film is so predictable you could go away , cook yourself dinner , go answer the phone or whatever and when you 're back you 'll know exactly what has happened . the special effects are so poor you would have thought lego bricks were used and the `` super fast '' dinosaurs were so tame that it makes a pet dog look like a super predator . the acting is over cooked . they try so hard , yet there just is n't enough character behind them to get into the characters and as for the scientist ... yeah okay we know exactly whats going to happen to the blonde chick in glasses . stereotypical was created for films like this . if you want to watch this film , i suggest you are n't in as a serious mood as the cast and crew obviously were . and if you are really really into dinosaurs and know everything in the world about them , do n't watch it , you might break the screen - the facts are that far off .
annoying , static comedy with a painfully miscast peter sellers as a smarmy , self-centered casanova who always has his way with the ladies . a major blemish on sellers ' filmography , and , even worse , a film that seems to have been made solely to satisfy the ego of its star . ( * )
`` nat '' ( voiced by trevor gagnon ) , along with his brainiac friend `` iq '' ( voiced by philip bolden ) and the always hungry `` scooter '' ( david gore ) are kids with big dreams . they want to be the first flies in space . and what encourages their dreams is the first spacecraft to land on the moon , the apollo 11 , is waiting for its historic trip on the launch pad near where the three hang out . the first thing you notice is the animation of the film . i found it done very well done . the scenery had depth to it , as things in the distance actually looked like they were behind the focus of the scenes . i did n't see the movie in 3-d , as it was broadcast on hbo . however , i could see that there really was n't any scenes which took advantage of the 3-d effects except a fight between characters near the end . i also was n't really impressed with the design of the characters . to me , they did n't look like anything resembling a fly , especially in the coloring . the flies were an unusual blue-gray that was kind of distracting to me . the performances from the cast was not bad , but it was n't good either . there were many times i focused more on my computer than the story . the writing was certainly written for a younger audience , with comedic moments that will make younger kids laugh . i saw nothing for adults , like jokes that they 'll get the punchline for the adults to understand the meaning . history was not followed in this film . in fact , i think it was completely ignored , as the main focus was the flies . i also hated when a well known astronaut popped up on the screen and explained that the stories about the flies in the film was a work of fiction , and no flies were on apollo 11 . i did like how he thanked the men and women who sacrificed their lives for space exploration though . if you are an adult , this is not for you . it was not made for the entire family . this is certainly just for kids . but , save this one for a rainy day .
it 's hard to believe an `` action '' packed jet li movie could be so boring , but this was transcendant trash . the plot is an amalgam of other hong kong chopsocky flicks . the martial arts action is all special effects and no human talent . it 's a comic book story about a group of super-human soldiers who are to be killed because they 're mentally unstable , one of their number ( li ) who holds off an incompetent army to save them and rebuilds a life as a pacifist librarian . the saved killers resurface with an austin powers quality plot to take over the world , and li sheds his new life to save the world . the version i saw was dubbed , and that may have accentuated the cheesiness of the wafer-thin plot and comic-book 25 cent special effects . but i suspect even ninja-turtle-watching 8-year olds would have found this juvenile and hollow .
rip off of `` scream '' or especially `` i know what you did last summer '' , there 's some entertainment here , and a little scary , but they needed some originality . an entertainment score ? 6.5/10 overall ? 5.5/10
we all have seen some unending epics in our times , but this one really tops them all ! the movie is so long and so slow , that , just to put things in perspective , i felt a lot older when i left movie hall , than i entered it . at almost 4 hours length , it could have rather been made into a tele-serial . what starts as a promising comedy slowly loses its pace . nikhil advani has woven the plot around 6 love stories and he cant make justice to any one of them ... there is no interconnection between them to start with , and links shown in last 20 minutes just seem to be forced to connect the story . situation is made worse by silly dialogues ( most of them repeated in hindi cinema over years ) and stupid cinematography . priyanka does n't realise that she actually needs to play her role rather than just looking glam on screen ... an utter waste of beauty without acting skills . and then there is loud-is-humorous govinda & my-face-twists-better-than-jim-carrey akshay khanna who keep belching at the top of their lungs to irritate already tired viewers . only good part in movie is john & vidya 's love story & nice acting/comedy by sohail & isha . but they are so good at their roles that just these two couples could have justified the movie without jumbling it with other bunch of characters . their brilliance gets lost in the midst of other substandard plot lines . my guess - director was making two separate movies ( may be more ! ) and some beginner assistant mixed up all the records , beyond a point of sorting them out , so director was left with no choice to show it all as a single movie ... watch it only if you want to test your patience ! ! !
i sort of accidentally ended up watching this movie . i 'm still not sure if i regret it or not . i felt like i was watching the film made by that group of film school students that did n't quite make the cut . it plays up every hollywood cliché imaginable , all the while flogging us with the 'corporations are the ultimate evil ' message . subtlety this movie does not know . as far as that goes , it even manages to provide it 's own spoilers . the story appears to be a computer nerd 's fantasy world come true . the lead character is an attractive teenage boy with a girlfriend , yet is a programming genius and apparent hacker ( i think ) , among many other nerd-fantasy-come-true elements that you 'll have to see for yourself . as well , i should 've known it would be a z-movie when i saw ned bellamy ... he tends to be a good tip-off . ca n't recommend this one , i 'm afraid .
revolt of the zombies is bad . there is nothing remotely entertaining about the movie . it is dull , lifeless , poorly acted , and poorly scripted . i 've often complained that the original dracula is a little slow for my taste , well this movie makes dracula look like a roller coaster ride . the 65 minute running time seemed like 165 minutes . the story : an expedition is sent to cambodia to find the secrets of mind control through `` zombification '' . one man finds the secret and uses it to make the woman he loves marry him . once this happens , he releases the zombies under his control to horrific consequences . that 's it . that 's the whole story . for most of the movie , i was trying to figure out where i had seen the male lead . he looked so familiar . i had plenty of time to think this over . nothing was happening in the movie . just before the `` zombies revolted '' , it hit me . it was dean jagger . i had seen him recently as the general in white christmas . this is how i `` entertained '' myself throughout most of the movie . i 'm just glad i did n't buy the dvd for this movie . king of the zombies is on the other side and it 's a masterpiece of film making compared with this movie . for what it 's worth , i 'll give it a 2/10 . ( i wo n't go to 1/10 because , believe it or not , i 've seen worse . )
this is one of the worst films i have * ever * seen ! it is bad , even at tv movie level standards . the plot is diabolically flawed , and the known names in this film are wasted on confused , uncertain characters . i do n't know how the director managed to keep this excuse of a film together - it is that bad . billed as a 'psychological horror thriller ' - it is certainly horrific . there is nothing thrilling about it . and it could do you psychological damage ! the initial opening scenes held such promise - a possible embarkation on whether the soul is just an aspect of the brain , but the utter shambles that followed the car-crash scene is beyond belief . no matter how hard you try , you could n't care less about the characters . there are so many sprinkled ideas that the film is at best a collage of disconnected phrases from chinese philosophers , and at worst the film would actually make you go brain dead ! i have purchased over 300 films on dvd , and this is the first one i 'm going to get my money back on . steer clear .
okay , you have : penelope keith as miss herringbone-tweed , b.b.e . ( backbone of england . ) she 's killed off in the first scene - that 's right , folks ; this show has no backbone ! peter o'toole as ol ' colonel cricket from the first war and now the emblazered lord of the manor . joanna lumley as the ensweatered lady of the manor , 20 years younger than the colonel and 20 years past her own prime but still glamourous ( brit spelling , not mine ) enough to have a toy-boy on the side . it 's alright , they have col. cricket 's full knowledge and consent ( they guy even comes 'round for christmas ! ) still , she 's considerate of the colonel enough to have said toy-boy her own age ( what a gal ! ) david mccallum as said toy-boy , equally as pointlessly glamourous as his squeeze . pilcher could n't come up with any cover for him within the story , so she gave him a hush-hush job at the circus . and finally : susan hampshire as miss polonia teacups , venerable headmistress of the venerable girls ' boarding-school , serving tea in her office with a dash of deep , poignant advice for life in the outside world just before graduation . her best bit of advice : `` i 've only been to nancherrow ( the local stately home of england ) once . i thought it was very beautiful but , somehow , not part of the real world . '' well , we ca n't say they did n't warn us . ah , susan - time was , your character would have been running the whole show . they do n't write 'em like that any more . our loss , not yours . so - with a cast and setting like this , you have the re-makings of `` brideshead revisited , '' right ? wrong ! they took these 1-dimensional supporting roles because they paid so well . after all , acting is one of the oldest temp-jobs there is ( you name another ! ) first warning sign : lots and lots of backlighting . they get around it by shooting outdoors - `` hey , it 's just the sunlight ! '' second warning sign : leading lady cries a lot . when not crying , her eyes are moist . that 's the law of romance novels : leading lady is `` dewy-eyed . '' henceforth , leading lady shall be known as l.l . third warning sign : l.l . actually has stars in her eyes when she 's in love . still , i 'll give emily mortimer an award just for having to act with that spotlight in her eyes ( i wonder . did they use contacts ? ) and lastly , fourth warning sign : no on-screen female character is `` mrs. '' she 's either `` miss '' or `` lady . '' when all was said and done , i still could n't tell you who was pursuing whom and why . i could n't even tell you what was said and done . to sum up : they all live through world war ii without anything happening to them at all . ok , at the end , l.l . finds she 's lost her parents to the japanese prison camps and baby sis comes home catatonic . meanwhile ( there 's always a `` meanwhile , '' ) some young guy l.l . had a crush on ( when , i do n't know ) comes home from some wartime tough spot and is found living on the street by lady of the manor ( must be some street if she 's going to find him there . ) both war casualties are whisked away to recover at nancherrow ( somebody has to be `` whisked away '' somewhere in these romance stories ! ) great drama .
watching truth about love ( is this a double entendre about the star ? ) is like plugging in white noise or manufactured water sounds to help you sleep - you put it in the dvd slot because there is nothing else left on the store shelves and you are in need of distraction after a hectic day . and it works for that for that purpose : being a british romantic comedy it is a bit more . the story is a rather simple one about a wife alice ( jennifer love hewitt ) married to an increasingly distant husband sam ( jimi mistry ) who has put their love life on hold due to the burdens of his busy law practice . his partner archie ( dougray scott ) is fond of both sam and alice , but has a longtime attraction to alice that goes beyond friendship . alice pals with her sister felicity ( kate miles ) , a free love advocate , who encourages alice to have affairs . on valentine 's day , after a drinking binge with her sister , alice mails a card to sam signed 'anonymous ' as a test to see if sam responds , testing his fidelity . at the same time archie mails a radish seed packet to alice on which he has inscribed a suggestive love not . both have ex post facto regrets . sam in fact is spending time with a lover katya ( branka katic ) and is indeed cheating on alice . alice arranges assignations with sam via email and phone calls and plans to meet sam in disguise as 'anonymous ' to test his fidelity . the entire cast of characters gets caught up in the silly charade and the ending proves that real love must be based on truth - and how that results in the various pairings is the surprise ( of sorts ) of the fluffy script . british comedies work because of the quality of writing and the tight quality of acting . perhaps had director john hay elected to cast a british actress as alice instead of pasting a phony accent on jennifer love hewitt the result may have been improved . but in the end this story by peter bloore bounces between mildly humorous and pathetic in its messages . one terrible distraction is a musical score that is consistently so loud that it covers all the dialogue and is intrusive . there are some nice scenes of london and a few moments of passable humor , but in the end this little film is truly best utilized as background music/white noise . grady harp
seriously . this is one of the most stupid family shows of all time . plot- a family without a mother and 3 `` dads '' raise 3 little girls in san francisco , california . characters- neat freak danny , cartoon loving joey , hair obsessed jesse , spoiled brat michelle , stupid dj , and almost normal stephanie . the creators of this show really want you to hate the characters , do n't they ? therefore , i do not think anyone should watch this show . i only chuckled at a few moments in the show 's whole running , and i think that instead of lethal injection , all criminals should be forced to watch this show , a torture far worse than anything else . 1.5/10 or : d
this movie is just not worth your time . its reliance upon new-age mysticism serves as its only semi-interesting distraction . the plot is one that has been re-cycled countless times . i was only prompted to even spend the time to put in a comment when i noted that some have tried to prop-up the reputation of this drivel . their motivation & objectivity is dubious , since they encourage you not to look at the movies faults , but at its well intentioned message of new age consciousness . so would it be alright for some twenty to thirty evangelical christians , or islamic fundamentalists to pour in positive ratings about movies/television that support their views ? in spite of the poor qualities of production , or the lack of truth in any of its supposed historic basis ? i hope not . i am sure the followers will come right behind me to say flowery things about this movie , in spite of the truth .
.... because if i was , i may have wished it was me being crucified on a wooden cross ! i 'm still trying to determine the plot of this movie - and i 'm being `` generous '' that there was even a plot to begin with . as previously mentioned , it 's a misnomer on the cover of the dvd that richard dreyfuss is actually the star . he was barely in the movie . and if he was indeed `` frustrated '' as the back cover indicated he was , well , that 's probably because he said yes to be in this disaster of a movie and could n't get out of it ! the movie really seemed to focus on jared martin , and what his role in the movie was supposed to be , other than the extreme close -ups , was not as big of a mystery as to what gene barry 's role actually was - or was n't . and speaking of `` big '' ... whomever had the bright idea to fit gene barry in the humpty dumpty attire , which showcased his trousers literally pulled up to his chin , should be sentenced to hard time by watching this movie stoned sober . i could go on and on about how horrendous this movie was , from the dialogue not matching the `` actors ' '' mouths ( think clutch cargo ) , to the erratic jumping from scene to scene ( again , being generous even calling the frames of pictures `` scenes '' ) , to the lack of a plot .... however , if you 're into bad early 70s genre and if you 're in a cottage in michigan with nothing but this movie and a box of kid & cat pictures , i recommend having a good bottle of wine before you embark on this weird ride of a movie because you 'll be thankful that you may not remember it the next day !
i just finished watching this film and wow was that bad . actually the only thing that kept me watching was that it was so monumentally bad it was kind of entertaining . the action of the characters is hilarious , from the hyper-dramatic way they fall to gunfire , to their incredibly bad acting ( were the bad guys all just pulled off the street , or were they actually actors ? ) , to incredibly bad delivery of lines , to their inexplicable actions ( if you are going to try and shoot someone through a doorway as they enter , obviously the thing to do is shoot directly at the doorknob ! ! ) . this film must break some record for worst written and delivered lines . the camera work was also really bad - you can hardly see what 's going on in the fight scenes due to switching camera angles and shakiness . i would have voted `` 1 '' except that i do like chiba and sidekick sue shihomi , and i was entertained by a couple of scenes : 1 ) breaking of a villain 's arm so the bone pops out of the skin ( that 's got ta hurt ) 2 ) a drug kingpin eating a brown-furred animal ( a monkey ? ? ) by hacking away at the carcass with a meat cleaver 3 ) sonny chiba 's performing some impromptu eye surgery on a guy with his fingers . i am actually a big fan of sonny chiba but this one is really not worth anyone 's time . i 've seen about 7 or 8 of his films and have come to the conclusion that the only ones worth watching ( and they are great ! ) are the street fighter series , and the killing machine . i 've also heard the executioner and golgo 13 are good . i recommend sticking to those ones .
the script for this tv soap opera is so bad that even a. hopkins at some point had to play like an undergrad drama-student so as to bring some life in his script-dead character . i do not know whether this was the purpose of the director , but hopkins ' ciano reeked nothing but vanity , fear and lack of self-esteem . the real ciano possibly was all that but then , why make a movie about him ? mussolini was a bit more convincing , and his long way down was as if closer to the truth . edda mussolini was plain ridiculous ( not because of sarandon , but because of the impotent script ) , while she had to be the central character of this alleged familial drama . watch it only if you enjoy venezuelan soap opera .
in 1987 , john hughes wrote and directed 'planes , trains and automobiles ' , which was a hilarious and poignant comedy – the best thing he 's ever done . ten years on he 's reduced to again recycling the plot of 'home alone ' in this second sequel , which is not connected to the other films but is equally uninspired and sadistic . the four crooks – that 's right , four ! and one of them is a girl ! congratulations , hughes , for introducing this revolutionary change to the series ! – are electrocuted with metal chairs , brained with barbells and blinded with paint , ha ha ha haaaaaaaa ha , while the new kid is even less charming than culkin . you 'd think that the departure of almost all the key players from the first two films would stop hughes from fossilising the same old routines , but the only surprise is that not even he turned up for 'home alone 4 ' .
the nsa , cia , fbi , fsb and all other snoop agency in the world should watch this movie to gain information as to how to spy on people . ( as mst3k commentary states it ... '' sanata has the dirt on every ! santa 's tentacles reach far and wide ! there is no hiding from the klaus organization '' ) from telescopes that can spy over millions of miles to ears that can hear everything . its amazing that the cia does n't have santa on the payroll . satan 's dance routine is hilarious . pitch ... he is so useless . the cheese factor in of this movie is tremendous . very low budget but so fun to watch . i recommend watching the mystery science theatre 3000 version for even more laughs . you even get a laugh at the missfortune of the good kids . i give this a 1 for production quality and a 10 for pure cheese and fun factor .
what on earth has become of our dear ramu ? is this the same man who made sarkar , satya , and comapny ? i refuse to believe so . if aag was ramu 's most ambitious project , he has clearly jumped off the high cliff he has ascended by giving the industry some of the greatest works of all times . this movie is made to fall like a brick . i was cringing to leave the theater , but i was forced to sit because i would n't have been able to take my car out of the parking lot before others also left . else , nothing would have made me sit beyond interval . this movie is nowhere close to sholay . it does n't even come near it within a mile . i believe ramu surely loves the godfather more than sholay , since sarkar was a classic piece of work . i read ramu 's interview a couple of days back , in which the interviewer said that ramu does n't sleep for more than 4 hours a day , that too not at a stretch . i completely agree with this now , as his lack of sleep has probably taken its toll on the movie . there is no power in the performance . amitabh bachchan does n't even look scary . he looked more terrifying in the few posters and wallpapers i saw earlier . ramu 's favorite nisha kothari did a fantastic job in sarkar because she did n't have many dialogs ( in fact none if i remember clearly ) . she opened her mouth in this movie , and has found a place in history . the new guy playing jai 's role seems to have that brash look , but did n't manage jai 's role at all . i cant go on ... im sorry ... my pain is too big for me to manage right now . i promised myself throughout the movie that i will watch the original sholay once more just to see that it is still there . bottom line : horrible movie . the media and critics are going to cook ramu 's goose . and just to remind all readers once more , i am one of the biggest ramu fans , and even i cant spare him for this act .
worst movie i have seen since gingerale afternoon . i suppose that this is a horror/comedy . i pretty much predicted every scene in this movie . the special-effects were not so special . i believe that i could come up with as good of effects from what i have lying around the house . i wish i could have something good to say about this movie , but i am afraid that i do n't . even coolio should be ashamed of appearing in such a turkey . i do , after a little thought , have one thing good to say about this movie - it ended .
this is a movie of tired , yet weirdly childish , clichés . there 's a nazi witch master performing sf-related experiments in the basement ? oh please ! aiming for a creeping sense of horror and fear , the general impression of the film is that of a very immature conception of fright . not having any expectations beforehand , i am left with : an aged xander from buffy and a heroine with ape-like face who does n't seem to know how to act . said adrienne barbeau have i only only encountered before in the much more enjoyable `` cannibal women in the avocado jungle of death '' . camera and editing adds to the general impression of lame .
this unpleasant film has little to recommend it . dolph lundgren gives a performance that is better than either this script or his other action films have allowed . and there are occasional snippets of dialog that suggest the film might have been able to provide some insight into a bizarre subculture . but no . motivations are either murky or trite . most of the acting is sub-par . the script creates needless confusion . and the director 's needless fascination with focusing on gore is distracting . it 's hard to imagine who the audience is for this film .
just as `` its a mad , mad , mad , mad world '' is at the top of my list for all time greatest comedies ever made , this one is at the very bottom . ( of course , i could be wrong-not having seen `` saving silverman '' ) in other words , it 's a lame , lame , lame , lame comedy . rating : 1/2 * out of * * * * *
this film had such promise ! ! what a great idea , an underdog paintball team struggling for recognition and personal glory , only to lose it 's speed due to bad dialoge , poor editing and a half-written story . the characters in the beginning were interesting , only to lose steam half way through to become one dimensional people sputtering out tired one-liners . maybe if they spent some more time on the story and dialoge it would have been a great movie , instead of a almost afterthought effort .
after reading the first 5 reviews on imdb i was very enthusiastic about this movie . but it 's really an awful movie , the total time you see the alien is about 5 minutes ( the rest of the movie is cheap suspense ) , the acting is over the top en the story , oh boy , which story ? the story does n't seem to go in a direction , first they capture the alien ( after 7 years ! they finally succeed ) , then they do n't know what to do with it ( after 7 years ? ) and even want to release it ( why the hell did they capture it ? ) . then the girlfriend , who 's acting is the most over the top , wants to walk away from this madness , then suddenly she does n't , then again , she does and then she does n't . then they come to the conclusion that killing the alien will kill the whole human race ( and remember , in all those years no other human have seen these permanently settled aliens ) and what do they do ? they torture it and blow a bunch of aliens to peaces . this is my first review on imdb , i 'm a very lazy person who does n't write very soon , so listen to my warning : this move is not worth your time , do n't watch this movie .
a young boy sees his mother getting killed and his father hanging himself . 20 years later he gets a bunch of friends together to perform an exorcism on himself so he wo n't turn out like his father . all the stock characters are in place : the nice couple ; the `` funny '' guy ; the tough ( but sensitive ) hood ; the smart girl ( she wears glasses -- that 's how we know ) ; the nerd and two no-personality blondes . it all involves some stupid wooden statue that comes to life ( do n't ask ) and kills people . i knew i was in trouble when , after a great opening scene , we jump to 20 years later -- all bad horror movies do that ! the dialogue is atrocious , the acting is bad ( except for betsy palmer -- why betsy ? ) and the killings are stupid and/or unimaginative . my favorite scene is when two people are supposedly having sex and the statue knocks the guy off the bed to show he 's fully dressed ! a real bad , stupid incoherent horror film . avoid at all costs .
tobe hooper is quite possibly the biggest fluke the horror genre has to offer . like any other horror fan , i loved the texas chainsaw , but i think that in order to put your name in front on a movie title , you should have at least more than one hit movie . i ca n't really think of any other movie hooper has done ( on his own , do n't count poltergeist ) that has really made an impact on the horror genre or film world . and this movie , night terrors , just backs up my point . poor robert englund , i give him credit for at least doing a good job with the awful material he was given . he did what he could . as for the movie itself ? pure drudge . unnecessary nude scenes every five minutes , a story that must have been penned in an our , and really just awful scenery , music , and cinematography . nothing in this film is redeemable . do n't waste your time . overall , 1 out of 10 . i feel sorry for hooper , his career seems like it was over before it really ever got started . i hope that he 's able to pump out at least one more good flick , that way he can do his cult status some justice .
`` laugh , clown laugh '' released in 1928 , stars the legendary lon chaney as a circus clown named tito . tito has raised a foundling ( a young and beautiful loretta young ) to adulthood and names her simonetta . tito has raised the girl in the circus life , and she has become an accomplished ballerina . while chaney gives his usual great performance , i could not get past the fact that tito , now well into middle age , has the hots for the young simonetta . although he is not her biological father , he has raised her like a daughter . that kind of `` ick '' factor permeates throughout the film . tito competes for simonetta 's affections with a young and handsome 'count ' luigi ( nils asther ) . simonetta clearly falls for the young man , but feels guilt about abandoning tito ( out of loyalty , not romantic love ) . the whole premise of the film is ridiculous , and i find it amazing that no one in the film tells tito what a stupid old fool he is being ( until he reveals it himself at the end ) . the film is noteworthy only because of loretta young , who would go on to have a great career . while i adore chaney 's brilliance as an actor , this whole film seems off to me and just downright creepy .
when i was younger , i thought the first film was really good in childhood , so i decided to see the sequel . this is an example of why some films should n't have sequels , because the first film is usually best , and it is . basically now that ariel and eric are married they have a daughter who is n't allowed outside the house because they are worried about the sister of ursula ( the octopus legged villain from film one ) , morgana getting to her . when the kid gets out she asks ursula 's sister to turn her into a mermaid , like her mum was . this makes ariel go back to the sea to find her . the same good voice artists , it 's just the story that could have had a bit more thought . adequate !
there is only one use for a film such as bulletproof : it reminds you just how bad bad can be . we often see films which we describe as `` pretty awful '' or `` not much good '' , but then you come across a film like this and you can see that although all those other films are n't `` good '' they are no way as stinkingly bad as bulletproof . this was a birthday gift from someone who spent less than two seconds rummaging thru ' the dvd bargain bin at our local superstore to fulfil an obligation ( i.e . to give me a present ) . it could have been a serendipitous find but it was n't : this is so utterly clichéd , so badly written , so poorly directed , so badly acted that i 'm surprised everyone involved has n't been arrested and sent down for 10 years . god , it 's awful . i suspected as much from about 30 seconds in , but carried on because sometimes - sometimes - bad films are so bad they can be enjoyable . this is n't one of them . it is simply bad . i stopped watching after 45 minutes , and tomorrow i shall throw it in the bin .
this film has nothing whatever to do with the sphinx , and the title is just a come-on . the story concerns an imagined true and concealed tomb in the valley of the kings , of king seti i , second pharaoh of the 19th dynasty , new kingdom period . it is not a bad yarn , and a great deal of the film is shot on location . even the scenes in the winter palace hotel lobby in luxor were really shot there , and not in a studio . the second unit stuff is endless , and they must have been let loose on egypt for weeks . frank langella is very good indeed as a sophisticated egyptian . he should take it up as a sideline . the film is essentially ruined by one of the world 's most irritating actresses , lesley anne down , who plays the lead . she spends the whole film wondering how she looks , are her blue eyes refracting light at the correct angle , do all the fellas lust after her , etc . having started life as a model at the age of ten , what hope could there be for her ? she epitomises everything that is most revolting about female vanity and dim-witted inanity . and to think that this film was directed by franklin shaffner , who won an oscar for 'patton ' ! he allows this terrible actress to whimper and simper through the film , hysterical one moment , flirting the next , in a kind of hurricane of idiocy as she reels from one man to another , either screaming or making bedroom eyes , it matters not . she is supposed to be a young egyptologist . but she has never been to egypt before ! she takes a taxi to giza and catching her first glimpse of the pyramids , gushes in ecstasy : 'but they 're so big ! ! ! ! ' barf ! ok , so that was the script , but she takes to the banality too readily , giving the impression that it is her natural element , which i do n't doubt for a minute . elements of the story are sound . there is , indeed , a serious problem about a black market in antiquities there . true ! well done ! the novel by robin cook , which i have not seen , may be ok for all i know . it was fun to see the name of cyril swern as sound recordist on the film , as i knew him pretty well long ago . stanley kubrick 's step-daughter katharina is described as 'draughtswoman ' . i wonder what that means ? maybe she did some set work . anyway , the antiquities in the film are pretty good , actually . and we get to see lots of the cairo museum and numerous scenic locations . they actually go inside king tutankhamun 's tomb ! i do n't imagine that would be allowed today for a movie . a lot of inappropriate scenes take place in mosques . that would not go down well today , but in 1981 such things were not on the agenda . the music for the film is absolutely appalling , worse than lesley anne down in fact ! but there were sound track elements which were surprisingly authentic , one being the cacophony of traffic noise of cairo , which is accurately rendered in the background , and would make anyone who knows cairo chuckle nervously . also , the loudspeaker calls to prayer are there the whole time , another touch of authenticity . why did n't they get this right ? it could have been good .
this movie is , despite its `` independent '' status , a stupid hollywood version of a nauseating mother-daughter relationship . it wasnt that bad at first , but somewhere during the course of the movie -- around the time that the daughter goes out with that guy , i think -- it turns into a cheesey mother-daughter bonding movie . im sorry , but i dont know of any mothers who have that kind of relationship with their daughter ... its probably better that way , though .
wow , i ca n't believe people consider this a 'good ' movie . now , i have seen much worse , but there are much more romantic/funny comedies with john cusack . this is a mediocre film at best . while the acting was n't terrible , but not great , for a romantic comedy , there was little passion , little romance . there were many loose ends that do n't show up or are not addressed . unfortunately , the main characters do come off as complete cowards . they do n't know themselves well enough to realize that they do n't love the people they are engaged to . how do we know they are n't in love ? by the utter lack of remorse both characters have for leaving their finances . i can think of few things more romantic than the continual escape from commitment that these two show . the movie does n't even end with a wedding scene , more than likely both will get cold feet and drop each other like hot potatoes once a commitment is nearing . this movie is really about two people who ca n't commit to anything , unlike cusack 's previous characters , who were more than willing to make a deep commitment ( loyd in say anything , martin in grosse pointe blank , etc. ) . the greatest failure of this movie was the complete lack of any twists turns , or anything of interest . when the movie ended , i felt like they had failed to include a climax to the story , which basically fits the whole movie : boring . no suspense about whether the two will end up together , no joy when they do , no consequences to their actions . it is sad that people are so blind to the shoddiness of this movie , that they simply rebuke any criticism with 'everyone is too cynical ! ' . criticism of this movie is not cynicism , simply unbiased examination . there are many other better romantic comedies , even ones with grace kelly , or eva marie saint . if you think this movie is great , try these movies , you hearts will explode : the princess bride , say anything , grosse pointe blank , high fidelity , keeping the faith , charade , rear window , north by northwest , or there 's something about mary ( which is a good examination of idealized romance vs. today 's society ) .
i thought that my favorite martian was very boring and drawn out ! ! it was not funny at all . the audience just sat through the whole movie and did n't laugh at all ! ! ! not even the kids laughed ! ! that is sad for a disney movie ! ! i thought they could have found somebody better to play the martian rather than christopher lloyd ! ! he was really stupid ! ! and he was not funny ! ! i thought the talking suit was really dumb ! ! ! in the original television series the suit does n't talk and move around ! ! in my opinion they should not have wasted their time on this movie ! ! i give it two thumbes down ! ! really a waste of time and i would not recommend the movie to anybody ! ! ! thank you ! !
john rivers ' life as an architect and family man has taken a turn for the worst when his wife has disappeared and has been concluded dead after a freakish accident that involved changing a tyre on her car . during the days she has been missing , he confronts a man that 's been following and he tells him that his been in contact with his dead wife from the other-side through e.v.p - electronic voice phenomenon . naturally he does n't believe it but then hear gets weird phone calls from her phone and so he contacts the man to find out more about e.v.p . soon enough john is hooked onto it , but something supernatural does n't like him interfering with the dead , as now other then contacting his wife , the white noise is foretelling events before they happen . since this dvd has been sitting on my shelf for a while now , i thought i better get around to watching it since it was n't my copy . but then again i do n't think the owners were in a hurry to get it back , as they have n't question me about it . oh well . so i decided to give it a play , as i was in an undemanding mood . after hearing and reading all the bad press on it , i was n't expecting anything remotely good , but i was kept entertained for 90 minutes . well , more so the 60 minutes , as the last half-an-hour was pretty much a blur of confusion . the film is nowhere as good as it could have been , but the time breezed by quick enough even though it 's a rather tepid supernatural thriller . i thought it was n't all a waste . the first hour i found some effective sequences rather interesting and there 's a spooky awe generated with a slow progression of subtle stillness and tragedy that haunts you , but sadly that comes to a crashing halt later on in the film . that 's when the predictably forced jump scares come into their own and somehow it just does n't fit in with the context . it becomes rather hectic , loud and very muddled with its mtv style editing and kinetic camera-work that gets to close into the action . i could n't understand what was going on within choppy and abrupt climax . the whole explanation how everything fits into the bigger picture is pure hokey . it 's a very unsatisfying conclusion because it goes for something big , but hits rock bottom . i thought they did fine job up until that point with the lighting and showy camera-work . other then the distinctively stark lighting , the score kept this flick atmospherically gloomy . all of it is very slickly done with its glossed up and fancy hardware , which makes it come across as very sterile and empty . you can easily see that the film 's heart is in the technical components and not in expanding the characters and story . there 's just no connection and lasting sentiment within this flimsy material . after a while , it just tries too hard to convince you that it falls into manipulative thrills and popping in many blood-curdling stuff from beyond the grave . it just got rather repetitious watching someone watch a fuzzy tv screen after while . the e.v.p machine was the star on the show . well , it did have more impact than the limp performances . michael keaton is more than capable actor , but lately his disappeared off the map and here he provides a modest performance as the dangerously obsessed john rivers . he really deserves much better , though . everyone else is pretty brittle and forgettable . not because of the performances , but of the lack of depth in their characters . this clunker was n't bad to begin with , but it does go pear shape by falling away drastically . i would n't care to see it again and i would n't recommend to anyone , unless you got a interest for the subject matter and enjoy the recent crop of hollywood produced horror/thrillers . it 's just a damn shame that this over-produced flick could n't put it together successfully , as it had promise in its idea and a more than decent cast on hand . i did n't hate it , but what a disappointment .
from it 's uninspiring title to the flat acting performances , curdled is very much an unremarkable film throughout . the film has gained some fans by way of the fact that quentin tarantino 's name is attached to it , and the silly and out of place nod to the rodriguez/tarantino flick 'from dusk till dawn ' . these things do not make a great movie , however , and this is more than evident all the way through 'curdled ' . the film suffers from an all too obvious lack of ideas , and it tries to mask this with murders that are meant to be stylish and events that are supposed to be disturbing . the mexican music score that accompanies many of the sequences in the film is obviously meant to be cool , but it 's becomes annoying very quickly ; especially as aside from the fact that the lead character is mexican , it does n't fit with the tone of the movie . the film 's plot is typically offbeat and it follows a gorehound who , because of her obsession with grisly murders , takes a job with a firm that cleans up murder scenes . it sounds boring and it is . william baldwin is the only 'name ' on the cast list , and even he does n't make an impression . he has n't been given anything to do in the movie and aside from talking to his victims and standing around trying to look menacing , he 's pretty much wasted . angela jones , or rather ; the taxi driver from pulp fiction , takes the lead role as the murder obsessed young woman , and it is always clear that it 's her involvement with pulp fiction that won her this role , not her acting ability . she may have been good enough in her small role in tarantino 's masterpiece , but she does n't have the talent to lead a film by herself . she looks lost and out of place for the majority of the film , and if it were n't for her latino accent ; she would n't convince the audience that she 's a weirdo on any level . curdled is a one hundred percent-proof piece of forgettable trash . films like this often win themselves praise for invention or black comedic antics ; but this one fails on all levels . whether you 're a tarantino fan , william baldwin fan , horror fan or just a movie buff ; this is one to miss .
this movie is pure guano . mom always said if you ca n't say anything nice ... but even mom would say i had to do my part to warn others of this movie . i can guarantee this is the film that geoffrey rush wishes would just go away . i would hope that greg kinnear fired his agent .. from a cannon for giving him the script . after this ben stiller is probably praying for someone to pitch `` there 's still something about mary . '' i have always been a fan of wes studi 's , thank whatever you hold holy that he wore a mask through the film so maybe people wo n't identify the film with him . it starts of promisingly with a stylistic spoof of the cinematography of the batman films and then just loses something ... like a coherent plot and half decent effects . the jokes are telegraphed an hour before the punchline comes , and even then they fall flat . if you want to see an effective spoof of the comic book world see `` chasing amy '' . run ! do n't walk away from `` mystery men '' !
very funny to watch `` beretta 's island '' as kind of natural trash-film.it is like answer to jess franko 's type of b-movie.bodybuilders strikes back ( ! face to face ! ) to pushers.the very very very stupid strike ! action : unbelievably bad directed firing ( shooting ) scenes look even better than hand-to-hand fighting.chasing scenes ridiculous.saving beauties scenes incredibly stupid.erotic scenes are very unerotic.the main luck of film is pretty landscapes and festival scenes.do n't miss : arnold schwarzenegger 's joke at start of film and list of franco columbu 's kin at the end . special attraction : naked bosom.almoust forgot - franco can sing !
many things become clear when watching this film : 1 ) the acting is terrible . tom hanks and wendy crewson are so-so , but the parent-child conflict borders soap opera-ish . the other two boys : an overly pouty child prodigy and your stereotypical i'm-a-babe-but-i'm-really-sensitive-inside blonde dreamboat ; 2 ) the film as a whole is depressing and disappointing ; 3 ) robbie 's dreams and episodes are disturbing ( acted by tom hanks ) ; 4 ) the inclusion of the beginning love ballads is an odd choice ( `` we are all special friends '' ) ; 5 ) the weird lines and side plots are not made any better by the terrible acting ; and 5 ) this is a really bad movie . expect to be disappointed -- and probably disturbed .
i rated this movie a 1 since the plot is so unbelievable unbelievable . judge for yourself . be warned , the following will not only give away the plot , but will also spoil your appetite for watching the movie . a computer virus , designed by a frustrated nerd , sends out a code through television screens and computer monitors . when the code - in the form of light - enters the eye it can access the 'electrical system ' of your body . what it does is forcing the body cells into excretion of calcium . within seconds after infection the patient reaches for his neck , develops tunnel vision , his skin will turn white of the calcium , after which he falls and his hand and scull will crack in a cloud of chalk . this virus is very intelligent . when it finds out that a blind computer expert is trying to disassemble the code with a braille output device - operated by hands - the device is set on a very high voltage , which causes severe burning wounds on the skin of the expert 's head . the virus also senses aggression against remote controls and the keyboard of an atm . fortunately it could be stopped by throwing over outdated desktop pc 's in a rack and electrocuting the nerd with his back on a broken computer and his feet in some spilled water . oh dear ...
this is one very confusing movie . the film is very hard to follow and the plot just did n't seem to make any sense . the fury of the wolfman was made in spain and i think that when any film is dubbed from one language to another , it does n't translate exactly as it was first meant . maybe this is part of the problem but i doubt if it can account for all the problems with this film . the dubbing is pretty bad and the voices do n't match the characters very well . the scenes are choppy , there is an array of strange and irrelevant characters that do little more than confuse the viewer even more . what i did like about this film was the look of the wolfman himself and the scenes where he attacks . now if they could have put it all together and had it make some sense , they might have had something . do n't waste your time on this one .
what the hell is this ? `` kooky drama '' ? `` lawyers in loony tunes land '' ? the world 's thinnest , most duck-faced actress ( even more duck-faced and anorexic than michelle pfeiffer ) overacts her bony butt off , making cretinous grimaces that would shame bugs bunny , in one of the most animated non-animated tv series ever . this is also the most annoying one-hour-format tv show ever , hence the worst . all the men act like pansies , and i for one refuse to believe that even hip big-city shysters are all as delta-male-like as this sorry ( short ) bunch . wuss peter macnicol manages to be even more irritating than calista flockofducks with his fake hollywood `` shshshs '' speech impediment : it 's the sort of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter `` s '' by turning it into a moronic `` sh '' that the likes of jon shtewart and christian shlater also practice with zeal . watching macnicol talk , i always wonder how come his jaw does n't dislocate ... human facial anatomy was never meant to support the pronouncing of the `` sh '' sound more than three times per second . he is a medical wonder . this badly conceived and written legal-drama/comedy hodgepodge also features some very 90s pc . it has political correctness written with huge , neon letters . is there anything more unrealistic than a bunch of lawyers being full of ideals , high principles , and moral fiber ? laughable , but that 's the way defense lawyers have been portrayed in hollywood since its inception . after all , what is more noble than defending a murderer , a rapist , or a thief ? when a tv series as retarded as `` ally mcbeak '' starts preaching to america about how it should run the country , then it must be time for paris hilton to become president . `` ally mcquack '' is both a product of recent and large-scale western dumbing-down and a perpetrator of it . those supposed touches of `` eccentricity '' , like the unbelievably annoying musical numbers , are unconvincing and embarrassingly unfunny . this is no monty python . whatever `` new '' the talent-free makers of this garbage were aiming for , they failed with honours . `` ally mcbeak '' is a highly commercialized tv venture aimed at indiscriminating yuppies , bored housewives , and bipolar lawyers . it 's yet another dull `` objection overruled sustained your honour may i call the witness '' legalistic baloney that the american audiences seem to eat up with relish for some strange reason ...
one of the many vigilante epics that flooded the market by the mid-80s . the routine plot has echoes of `` the magnificent seven '' ( believe it or not ) , the action scenes are lamely handled and the special effects are non-existent . you could do worse .... but the film is still just a waste of time . ( * 1/2 )
the reasons to watch this knock off ... err ... tribute to a great movie called se7en : - it 's on while your channel surfing and there 's nothing else on . - someone pays you to watch it . do yourself a favor and pop in the dvd for se7en , rent it , download it on itunes , or put it in your netflix cue and skip the flock entirely . the flock the same story with with a few changes . furthermore the editing just wreaks of se7en and actually ends up taking you out of the story several times . the worst one is probably the fly over desert helicopter shots , with sounds of people people chattering over the radio , except there are no police helicopters flying overhead in this one . bottom line : i call it a blatant knock off . if you wan na be nice you can call it a tribute film , go ahead , but either way go watch se7en .
no scenario , bad actors ( poor melissa gilbert ) ... beurk beurk beurk ... give a such budget to make this ... in belgium , we make ten films which win all prices in cannes with this . last time that i 've seen a such null-film was hypercube . but scenario was better . is anyone knows if the director was a graduate in school-film or a cop ? the better things in this film was the word `` end '' . why authorize to sell this ? 1ç is to expensive . i 've pay ten dollars to buy this . for me , pay for this was my big mistake of millennium . too bad . next time i 'll break my arm but buy this type of sh * t .
this movie is s-l-o-w . spent most of the movie actually waiting for it to 'begin ' . the setting was bleak , the script was bleak , the cinematography was bleak , the plot was bleak , the budget was low ( not that all low budget movies are bad , but this one had no redeeming features ) . the plot was more consumed with a vengeful , slightly deranged hunter than the actual wendigo which made a very brief appearance toward the end of the movie . this in itself was disappointing as this 'wendigo ' was just a bizarre mix of a tree and a stag . everything about the movie was uninspiring . the parents of the little boy appeared to be rather aloof and at times seemed completely detached from their son . whether this was down to bad acting or a bad script i 'm not sure , but it only heightened my disappointment and boredom levels . there was no food for thought , nothing to pique an interest . with no real intrigue or chill factor , this movie creaked along so painfully , you just could n't care less what happened by the end . wendigo 's ambiance reminds me of the dull movie shown at the awards ceremony toward the end of 'mr bean 's holiday ' : a movie which is artistic and nonsensical , trying too hard to to be deep and meaningful , but coming across as pretentious and boring . i would never want to watch this again . i only watched it to the end in the vain hope that something interesting might happen ... but it did n't .
( aka : blood castle or scream of the demon ) * spoiler * this was a drive-in feature , co-billed with the velvet vampire . a spanish-italian co-production where a series of women in a village are being murdered around the same time a local count named yanos dalmar is seen on horseback , riding off with his 'man-eating ' dog behind him . the townsfolk already suspect he is the one behind it all and want his castle burned down . the murders first began around the time count yanos ' older brother , count igor dalmar was horribly burned and killed in a lab accident . then a woman ivanna ( erna schuer ) that igor hired before his death to assist him in his experiments shows up . yanos agrees to hire her in place of his brother and together they seek the formulae for the regeneration of dead cells . yanos wants to bring igor 's charred corpse back to life . but of course igor is still alive ( although horribly burned ) and stalking and killing the women in the village . we see his char-broiled face appear at various points in the film , so we know he 's still alive , making the whole thing seem a little bit too obvious . igor meets another fiery end when he gets into a fight with yanos over ivanna , with the burning candles falling on to the same bed that igor stumbles on to , meeting yet another , final char-broiled end . the retromedia dvd is taken from a vhs source and looks quite grainy and bad . other than an even scratchier trailer , no other extras are included . although it has a nice , creepy spanish castle and good atmospherics , i found it to be fairly boring and predictable , with no excitement or mystery , whatsoever . 3 out of 10 .
i have always wanted to see this because i love cheesy horror movies and with a title like this , i was sure `` the incredible melting man '' would be a lot of fun . it really was n't . i mean , the acting was entertainingly bad , the script contained some classic bad lines and the special effects looked like someone had sneezed all over the lead actor , so i should have loved it . unfortunately it 's really draggy between these highlights . i decided to watch the last half of the movie while doing my tax return . that 's how boring this film is . nevertheless , if you love bad movies you will enjoy the dramatic exit of the fat nurse , and the stellar acting of the guy who plays dr. ted . to be fair to the poor man , he does have to deliver some amazingly inept lines with straight face - like the conversation he has with his wife on tracking down the i m man : `` i 'll find him with a geiger counter . '' `` is he radioactive ? '' `` just a little bit . '' yes , the plot has dr. ted wandering about trying to find a superstrong zombie killing machine armed only with what looks like a mini-dyson . he 's a brave man . unfortunately his plan fails when he finds a big lot of goop on a tree . `` oh god - it 's his ear ! '' says dr. ted to the audience . i 'm so glad he cleared that up . i realise i 'm making this movie sound rather fun . it would be if it were only 10 minutes long , but unfortunately it goes on and on , and the incredible melting dude just dangles about making a sticky mess when he should be eating more people in my opinion . i think if you were truly stoned you would probably love it , just do n't have pop-tarts during the movie , because the lead actor really does resemble one near the end .
i 'm basing this on my observations of one episode i saw last night ( 9/27/06 ) . i do n't think i 'll be watching again . the acting was totally wooden , the plot completely predictable , the ending totally unrealistic -- i mean who would believe a 30 million dollar judgment for the death of a recovering drug addict with terminal cancer ? the lead actor ( victor garber ) seemed so uncomfortable , almost embarrassed in his role -- perhaps he realized how bad the writing was ! ! i fully realize that the drama offered this season is pretty poor , but they can surely find better writers . maybe they are outsourcing the writing to india or china ! ! i 'll bet we wo n't be seeing this one next season !
if you are going to attempt building tension in a film it is always a good idea not to build it beyond the point of total tedium . unfortunately the butcher brothers have n't grasped this yet . this film sucks , unlike the majority of its characters who ( if you did n't work out they are vampires in the first few minutes then shame on you ) preference stringing up the plentiful supply of 'no one knows where i am ' cheerleader types and homosexual drifters that waft conveniently and with a fast food swagger , past their isolated door . the only tiny bit of originality in the plot is how these vampires come to be vampires in the first place but the rest of it is ludicrous and sloppy . forced to up sticks ( as opposed stakes ) on a regular basis due to their penchant for filling their basement with bloodless corpses , they really are none too bright . if they fed their victims they could run their own little blood farm and it would cut down on the mortality rate , thereby allowing them to settle down and get chintzy . why the producers felt it necessary to introduce the incestuous twins and the homicidally gay older brother i am not sure . it added zero to the plot , which was unfortunate given that there was n't a great deal of plot to start with and had no shock value at all . one was never told why the parents had died , unless of course that was explained during one of my frequent tea breaks . clearly the social worker must have been alerted to the family for some reason or other but again , it was for the viewer to write their own reason . the only well rounded character was the youngest brother who emerges looking like pugsley from the adams family . indeed he was way too rounded , having the appearance of a child who has inadvertently wandered from a weight watchers ' class in to a very bad horror film . oh heavens , he had . never mind dear , have another doughnut with a yummy blood centre .
loony tunes have ventured ( at least ) twice into the future . the first time was with the brilliantly funny `` duck dodgers '' . the latter time was with this um effort . `` loonatics unleashed '' is n't without merit , and might be considered a good product were it not that it is n't up to warner brothers quality . wb cartoons are noted for their cheeky humor , appealing at least as much to adults as to children . these pedestrian superhero episodes , on the other hand , can not fail to convince adults to pass them up . the premise of the series is that 6 ordinary individuals ( 2 bunnies , a tasmanian devil , a duck , a roadrunner , and a coyote ) live on the `` city-planet '' of acmetropolis and acquire super powers when a meteor strikes the planet in 2772 . what 's confusing is that the titles section features these individuals with a count-up to 2772 from the 21st century . cute , but frelling stupid . in each episode , the super sextet – amid mildly amusing but essentially banal banter – fight various super villains . for the most part , these are types that appear in every mediocre superhero adventure series and even some of the better ones . like many mediocre superhero series , this one takes its villains far too seriously for the context . and of course these guys are the only characters that laugh – the usual evil laugh , of course . why is it that villains in predictable superhero adventures always – always – laugh evilly at every opportunity ? animated material of this sort seems to leave laughter exclusively in the province of villains and ( occasionally ) their henchpeople and/or henchthings . in point of fact , the makers of this series missed their best bets right from the get-go . the superpowers of the characters are sometimes based on their previous normal abilities , but sometimes not . the problem here is that we do n't see enough wb looniness . lexi and ace have fairly ordinary biologically generated energy weapons and have virtually no personality traits one could describe as `` bugs-like '' . what we have here is basically the silly and drekish `` teen titans '' , including its overly `` modern '' animation `` look '' , but with animals . feh . the other misstep by the program 's creators is ( or are ) the villains . as noted before , these are not terribly imaginative and do the evil-laugh bit excessively . amazingly , the writers totally missed the obvious technique of making villains from stock wb characters as well as the protagonists . adding to the fun could have been , say , jupiter sam – as well as the fudd , still hunting wabbits – as well as tech e. coyote converted into a really neurotic villain – and so on . ah , the sadness of missed opportunities . sadly , this whole production has gone into too much overtime ( that is , a 2nd season ) . nevertheless , we can rejoice that there 's something new out there for the 14-going-on-9 crowd . the rest of us can hope for a 3rd season of duck dodgers .
i 've always been enthusiastic about period dramas , an art form in which the bbc has excelled in the past . this presentation of `` byron '' was unbelievable . unbelievably bad ! the script was dreadful , the acting uninspired , and all the characters woefully insipid . apparently byron was `` mad bad and dangerous to know '' , and set the ladies hearts all-a-flutter . not in this production . here he appeared as a tawdry jumped-up little squirt instead of a fiery hero of womenfolk and the greek struggle for independence . it is said that byron walked with a limp . this portrayal of the man was just limp all over . i watched the whole two and a half hours waiting for something to spark into life . not a splutter , not even a glimmer . it was utter tedium , if not downright boredom , from start to finish . having the opinion that no-one will ever better the bard of avon , i also believe that byron 's poetry is over-revered and to my mind should be flung on the back burner , and this dramatisation of his life should be accorded the same treatment . i think the bbc lost its nous with this one
this movie had a fairly good sounding plot , but the paste was very slow ... very slow indeed . even if someone thinks this is a cult classic , i think that there are a lot better films from that era to be watched . the cinematography is not excellent , but not the worst either . the sounds are ok. lighting ok. i still would n't recommend this to anyone else than maybe a film-student . the movie does not contain music , and the horses having sex do n't make it a good one either . and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was plain stupid . no winnings here , skip this utter boredom . i 've seen worse believe me , but this is just waste of time , and i do n't get the good reviews here . especially the high ratings ...
the interplay between the characters is a moral disaster . you end up disliking most of the characters and you do n't particularly like any of them . even the two main characters played by david and gwen are so badly written that you really do n't care one bit about them . the movie has no plot , no direction and no purpose . the single redeeming quality of the movie was to treat it as a glimpse into the messed up lives of a few losers - and that 's hardly stimulating even as an afternoon waste .
have to admit , this version disgraces shakespeare upfront ! none can act except the nurse who was my fav ! juliet had good skills as a teen but she ca n't give emotional depth to her lines and we really can never connect to her . she 's worse doing the scene when she is contemplating drinking the sleeping potion ... god stop whining ! i would have poured it in her mouth to shut her up ! anthony andrews ... yikes ! considering his other great movies ( brideshead revisited , ivanhoe , scarlet pimpernel ) , he 's quite a shocker in this one . and do n't get me started on romeo ... puhleasssssee ! it 's still good to see if you 're on the hunt to see every romeo and juliet ever made in the history of film . olivia and leonard 's version is still the best , followed by leslie howard 's version and then the current leo and clare !
mean spirited , and down right degrading adaptation to the classic children 's tale not only lacks the charm of its forefather but lacks any talent what so ever . mike myers should not only be ashamed of himself for his horrible performance that is a clear rip off of what jim carrey did but he should give up acting all together . he is so annoying that you would want to beat the crap out of him if you were able to jump right in the film . the sets are ugly and the cinematography is very poor . i have seen a lot of bad film this year , but this not only takes the cake but it is with out a doubt one the worse films ever made .
not even the most ardent stooge fan could possibly like the movie , ( i one of them ) the stooges just are n't given any material to work with . it is really a shame too because this is the only feature length movie the stooges did with curly , and this one effort by them is painfully unfunny , when it could have had great potential . awful musical numbers do n't help any either . the short they did with the same title has more laughs .
forbidden siren is based upon the siren 2 playstation 2 ( so many 2s ) game . like most video game turned movies , i would say the majority do n't translate into a different medium really well . and that goes for this one too , painfully . there 's a pretty long prologue which explains and sets the premise for the story , and the mysterious island on which a writer ( leo morimoto ) and his children , daughter yuki ( yui ichikawa ) and son hideo ( jun nishiyama ) come to move into . the villagers do n't look all too friendly , and soon enough , sound advice is given about the siren on the island , to stay indoors once the siren starts wailing . naturally and slowly , things start to go bump , and our siblings go on a mission beating around the bush to discover exactly what is happening on this unfriendly island with its strange inhabitants . but in truth , you will not bother with what 's going on , as folklore and fairy tales get thrown in to convolute the plot even more . what was really pushing it into the realm of bad comedy are its unwittingly ill-placed-out-of-the-norm moments which just drew pitiful giggles at its sheer stupidity , until it 's explained much later . it 's one thing trying to come up and present something smart , but another thing doing it convincingly and with loopholes covered . despite it clocking in under 90 minutes - i think it 's a horror movie phenomenon to have that as a runtime benchmark - it gives that almost two hour feel with its slow buildup to tell what it wants to . things begin to pick up toward the last 20 minutes , but it 's a classic case of too little too late . what saves the movie is how it changes tack and its revelation at the end . again this is a common device used to try and elevate a seemingly simple horror movie into something a little bit extra in the hope of wowing an audience . it turned out rather satisfactorily , but leaves a bad aftertaste as you 'll feel cheated somewhat . there are two ways a twist will make you feel - it either elevates the movie to a memorable level , or provides you with that hokey feeling . unfortunately forbidden siren belonged more to the latter . the saving grace will be its cinematography with its use of light , shadows and mirrors , but i will be that explicit - it 's still not worth the time , so better to avoid this .
the choke ( aka axe in the uk ) is a slasher produced supposedly as a straight-to-dvd movie . i say `` supposedly '' because the title of the movie does not have the `` v '' in brackets to indicate that it was a made for dvd movie ( even though it does have the appearance of one ) . the plot is simple – a band is holding a gig in a former meatpacking factory and they are killed one by one . i think most would agree that the movie was never going to be a masterpiece , but this does not excuse the faults here . even straight-to-dvd movies such as bachelor party massacre ( which has a very low imdb rating ) have a lot of redeeming qualities and sometimes come off as being one of the so-called `` so bad , they 're good '' movies . however , the choke falls far short of being either a serious slasher ( such as halloween ) or being a `` so bad it 's good '' movie ( such as the nail gun massacre ) . the movie does start off good with a character killed using a drill . the blood effects were very cheesy but understandable given the very low budget . but , from there onwards , it 's downhill all the way . there are so many faults in the choke that i could spend all day talking about them . but , a few obvious ones stand out and i 'll go into them . the aforementioned gig that the band holds seems to start off with around 50 people present but after the music stops , there seems to be only around 8 people left ( and yet they 're all meant to be locked in ! ) . the characters in this movie are not likable at all . most of the band members are aggressive foul-mouthed morons or just downright weird . no one really cares about what happens to them , and even their supposed friends forget about them when they 've been dispatched . the highlight of the movie is the presence of a homeless man who seems to regard the meatpacking factory as some kind of church ( seriously ! ) . he spouts some really funny lines for no apparent reason . but sadly , even his presence ca n't save the movie . there are too many scenes of people walking around and talking without any characterisation . around 65 minutes of the film is spent watching characters walk around talking . characters disappear for long periods of time without explanation . as in other straight-to-dvd movies such as crocodile and grim weekend , the characters spend a lot of time swearing at each other aggressively without any provocation at all . there are plenty of over-the-top outbursts ( mainly from the male characters ) and one nearly results in a full-blown fight . in fact , the format could be said to go as follows : characters walk around -- murder takes place -- characters walk around -- murder takes place . you get the idea . the dialogue is terrible and it seems that few lines are spoken without the f-word being used . perhaps this was meant to be funny , but it just comes off as sad . and more to the point , we have all seen this done a thousand times before ( usually to much greater effect ) . the movie is totally devoid of any suspense at all . the dead bodies serve to provide the only indication that the characters are in danger . a maniac is running around loose and yet the characters just behave like total morons . they make little attempt to get out of the factory or find a weapon with which to protect themselves . and much of the time , they do n't even pretend to be scared . in the same vein as drive-in massacre , the killer is not seen at the time the murders are being committed ( with the exception of the final murder when the killer 's identity is revealed ) . a random weapon appears out of nowhere to kill the victim in question . there is no one seen stalking the characters at any time . in drive-in massacre , this served to make the film funny ( unintentionally of course ) , but here it is not funny at all . and , as another reviewer has pointed out , the soundtrack includes music that is very bad , even for those who like punk rock . the extras look uncomfortable dancing to it . the score ( at the end , there is no music at the beginning ! ) consists of a band of sugarbabe wannabes singing some very bad song that is completely unrelated to the movie . do n't misunderstand the points made in this review . this reviewer likes bad movies ( such as the nail gun massacre and bachelor party massacre ) as much as the classics ( such as halloween and friday the 13th ) . but , it seems that the choke tried too hard to fit into one of those categories without fitting into either . and even as straight-to-dvd movies go , this is a poor effort . on a positive note , the film does contain some fairly good gory murder scenes . but , when the surviving characters do not take the situation seriously , these scenes lose their importance quickly as the intensity they provide disappears into oblivion . fans of the traditional 1980s b-movie slashers should take steps to avoid this movie . and fans of the classics such as halloween and friday the 13th should do everything in their power to avoid it !
i had never thought the standard of yashraj films would ever degrade to such an extent ! the film has a nonsense storyline which catches no interest . saif has over acted . kareena has improved her figure , but is not a good actress anyway . akshay is good . anil is also good . may i say the role was n't good .. great deal of cheapness is filled in . wondered if that was supposed to be the `` comedy part '' of the movie . just because last few movies were flops does that mean yashraj films should make this kind of rubbish ? it has a history of so many good films . overall , i was totally disappointed with the movie .
ok its not the best film i 've ever seen but at the same time i 've been able to sit and watch it twice ! ! ! story line was pretty awful and during the first part of the first short story i wondered what the hell i was watching but at the same time it was so awful i loved it cheap laughs all the way . and jebidia deserves an oscar for his role in this movie the only thing that let him down was half way through he stopped his silly name calling . overall the film was pretty perfetic but if your after cheap laughs and you see it in pound land go by it .
as someone who has both read the novel and seen the film , i have a different take on why the film was such a flop . first , any comparisons between novel and film are purely superficial . they are two different animals . the novel is probably intended as a satire , but it arrives as a cross between tragedy and polemic instead . any comedic elements such as those which later formed the stylistic basis of the film version are merely incidental to the author 's uniformly cynical thrust . and lest the omnipresent white suit of the author fool you into thinking this is another mark twain , think again . a more apt literary precedent would be the spectre of ambrose bierce in a top hat and tails . tom wolfe is equal parts clown and hack , more celebrity than author , always looking for new grist for his self-absorbed mill . it is therefore no wonder that the excellent production skills and direction lavished on the making of the film were doomed from the start . unlike true satire , which translates very well into film , polemics are grounded not in universally accessible observations on some form or other of human behavior , but in a single-minded attack on specific people -- whether real or fictional straw men -- who have somehow earned the wrath of the writer . any effort to create a successful filmed story or narrative from such a beginning must have a clean start , free of the writer 's influence or interference . having said that , i too find fault with the casting . it is not merely that incompetents like bruce willis and melanie griffith fail to measure up , but that real talents like tom hanks , f. murray abraham , and morgan freeman are either totally wasted or given roles that are mere caricatures . there is enough topical material here for a truly great film satire , but it fails to come even close .
despite being a huge fan of fred astaire and ginger rogers ' movies , it was n't until about 6 years ago that i first saw 'follow the fleet ' . i knew all the songs from an old astaire/rogers record ( yes , vinyl ) but knew nothing of the plot . unfortunately , while the songs are catchy and ginger rogers ' character is sweet and funny , you just ca n't like 'bake baker ' . while trying to make up to his longtime partner , he continually sabotages her career . his character does n't have the usual humour and elan of the other films ' astaire characters . worth watching for the songs and a great solo tap routine by ginger rogers .
we are not in the fairy tale of the naked emperor . we may confess the truth of what we see , without being stupid , confess , that this show is in many aspects just incomprehensible and that it is clear , that much of it was created out of pure intuition without real concept . well , obviously many people like such stuff . i do n't . i prefer well thought and planed shows . and i also confess , that the show is much to serious for my taste and boring ... those love and drug stories ... there are so many exciting soaps with lot of suspense ( dallas e.g . ) , but twin peaks ca n't catch my attention . i do n't care about those people , except cooper and gordon cole .
unfortunately i made a mistake and i paid 7 euros at the movie theater to watch this shallow meaningless movie . my points ; film is based on 2 things ; 1 ) ethnical point of view : as it happens on most of the american films , the writer thinks itself as an expert after learning 2 or 3 things about the asian culture . but unfortunately it is not enough . knowing kunefe and 2 names of other foods does n't make a person understand a culture . for example shaving is the sign of clean life in asia but everyone was trying the girl to stop that . lebanese people are christian ( ok they got that ) and their cultural forms and beliefs and approaches are completely different from other arabic countries . the main difference between eastern and western culture is we do n't make ethnocentrism . so we do n't judge people after their first question about our life as the father figure did in all of the film . 2 ) sexual revolution of a girl : there is nothing much to say about this . show me 10 girls which had these on their sexual awakening than i will say that i am wrong . i wrote this comment because the producers are promoting the film in the black humor genre . please watch dr.strangelove and understand the meaning of black humor . a black humor has to reflect the truth and has to focus the audience to the funny parts of it . where is the truth ? where is the meaning about the movie .
remembering the dirty particulars of this insidiously vapid `` movie '' is akin to digging into your chest cavity with a rusty , salted spoon . perhaps `` home alone 2 : lost in new york '' ( 1992 ) was a bit on the predictable side , but this pathetic excuse for a film is just one of the most shameless bids at commercialization i have ever heard of . a boy fighting off spies/terrorists when he 's home alone in a chicago suburb with the chickenpox ? ridiculous ! why did this film have to be made ? i am the kind of person who believes even terrible movies are not wastes of time , but rather learning experiences . however , this is actually a waste of time . it should be avoided at all costs .
i 'm a big mark for the music of neil young , and with that and the glowing praise the film received in many alt-indie press circles , hit the first showing of greendale i could find . my excitement was short-lived , as this turgid storyline and weak lyrical momentum left most filmgoers either asleep or disappointed . neil says the film started as a soundtrack , and the characters came to life so much that they just filmed the soundtrack . not the best way to craft a story . no character really has an arc , and when `` significant '' events do happen , the viewer does n't cared , because film technique annoyance levels are so high by that point . the film is all song , and to that end , the characters on end mouth the lyrics as they 're sung ... the technique works for the first stanza it is done , and is grating on the nerves after that . it does n't feel real or fake , it just feels unwelcome . terrible acting , with characters finding one mood and playing all of it . poor lighting at times . the only kudos i can give the film are in regard to several scenes shot as newscast , but the technique is so used in cinema today that this film did little to further it . an alright soundtrack , but nothing i 'm quick to buy . a bad film .
it is nice to see the likes of oliver stone , brian depalma , al pacino , and even michelle pfiefer make one monumental piece of cinematic garbage . it is nice to see people so rich and 'successful ' wasting their time on one of the most forgettable , trite , and pathetic pieces of film-making of all time . this movie represents the worst of hollywood . what is this ? is it based on a true story . well , they do start with some basic news bites and facts that they read off usa today . but then the movie departs to some fantasy world and a 'cuban ' refugee going to make it in the american drug subculture ; kind of like rocky on cocaine . is it a movie about cuba or cubans ? for the life of me i do n't believe there is a single cuban in this movie . the accents are totally fake , and scene with antonio 's mother looks like a poster for midwest american values . the whole scene looks like something out of the dick van dyke show . is this movie about miami ? it looks more like l.a. transposed in florida . afterall , a palm tree is a palm tree . is this a romance novel . the relationship between pacino and pfeiffer is so obvious from the getgo , and there is not one shred of possibility that these two characters could ever care for each other . is this a drug movie ? well , no issues of obsession or addiction are even mentioned . the behavior of the actors after a line of coke is nothing different than had they had a drink of water . admittedly , the acting is terrible . let 's get to the rest . the music is disgusting and sounds like latin elevator music or something out of a lawrence welk show . i think i heard a polka ? the camera work is shoddy with too much movement and far more cranes than could ever be effective . clearly , the photography budget was excessive . the sound is bleached in a number of spots , and the dialogue seems to be carried out in a warehouse . the writing is appalling . this is one of those movies were the script writes itself . you are dragged from one trite piece of dialogue to the next , each pushing the plot like a sack of bricks . so i am going to ask , is this even a movie ? it could be a drama series patched together for two and a half hours . but at least a drama series has some kind of focus . maybe it is just a bunch of poorly acted scenes taped together . whatever it is , movie or not , it is a piece of crap .
nine minutes of psychedelic , pulsating , often symmetric abstract images , are enough to drive anyone crazy . i did spot a full-frame eye at the start , and later some birds silhouetted against other colors . it was just not my cup of tea . it 's about 8½ minutes too long .
i 'm sure this was one of those `` woah ! '' attractions in 1982 when epcot opened , but now it 's just silly . the film 's message is cliché . the circle-vision is disorienting . and that awful song at the end is grating . and i really wish they 'd install seats . after so much walking , all you want to do is sit down for a few minutes . and when you hear there 's a film to see it sounds pretty glamorous ! you get entertained while sitting down , right ? wrong ! you 're standing there for 18+ minutes leaning against a short little railing . disney should make a newer maelstrom like attraction to liven things up and replace this dull , lackluster film . not fun . skip it . in fact , skip canada altogether unless you 're eating there . move directly to the united kingdom .
i totally disagreed with those comments which said this is a good movie . this is a totally sucked movie . i mean sucked - s.u.c.k.e.d . the story development is strange . mia kirshner changed from an innocent girl to a party-fun seeking chick for no convincing reasons at all . in addition , all the actresses looked way too old for being college students - college students looked like about 30 years old - you figure out the rest . i watched only about first ten minutes and started fast forwarding to look for sex scenes . all the sex scenes are lame , hasty and , most importantly , no frontal at all . all the sex scenes are laughable , considering how many clothes they had on . do yourself a favor - put it down and save yourself a few bucks . conclusion : story - 0 , sex - 0 , acting - 0 , score - 0 out 10 .
based on one of the books by gabriel marquez and it might be brilliant literature , this cinema-adaption really sucks as it 's more like fighting against sleep rather than enjoying some cinematographic delices . the story is about an old couple whose son died and living a life that is heavily dominated by poverty , and wherein the main character is a cock that hopefully one day brings some money for a forthcoming cockfight . i am in no mood to spill more words on this useless pretentious piece , just perhaps that you can see salma hayek in here , but sitting 90 minutes in front of your screen for just that ? no gracias .....
`` voodoo academy '' features an `` academy '' like no other , one that houses only six male students in one bedroom . these teenage guys are instructed in religion by a sinister young priest , who enjoys tormenting and comforting them simultaneously . the sole administrator of this `` academy '' is a young and seductive headmistress , and she retains her handsome charges on a short leash , so to speak . sexual overtones abound , and the director obviously has high regard for young male bodies . these young actors occasionally strip down to their designer underwear to sneak about the `` academy , '' and their sexuality is the entire focus of the movie . if you 're not interested in the male form -- stay away ! burdened by weak and awkward dialogue , this low-budget exploitation piece just stumbles along with a few laughable special effects tossed in between the yawns . the mood is claustrophobic , with tediously long takes , a handful of cheap sets and few costume changes . these visual elements come interspersed with seemingly unending sequences of banal dialogue , intended as character and plot development . it gives one the feeling it was filmed in three days ...
when i saw this movie i heard all the hype , and i heard how people said that denzel deserved the oscar alongside his golden globe and i believed he must have done an outstanding job considering kevin spacey was excellent . i was wrong . i realize that people say this not to anger the african american community ( if they are not african americans themselves ) . i always hear complaints on how african americans are never nominated and how they should have won . sometimes this is true ( not as much nowadays ) because whoppi goldberg should have won best actress for the color purple and the movie should have won best picture . the only reason this movie was so blown up the way it was , is because people see a movie about the ( * semi-spoiler * ) hardships of an african american during a very racist time period and they automatically label it as a masterpiece . denzel washington is an outstanding actor , but his role in this movie did not affect me whatsoever . i was bored with him in the movie , and his acting here was quite similar to his role in malcolm x but not as good . the audience is supposed to leave believing this man , rubin carter , is a saint . people left the movies worshipping this man , this hero , and they went out and bought his book , making this hero of a man rich . * spoilers * this movie tells the tale of a man who spent the majority of his life in prison mainly for crimes he did not commit . of course the crimes he did commit ( stealing mostly ) was only to survive , nothing more . people felt sorry for him , even though the drug dealers and thieves probably amounted to as much for the same reasons but are looked down upon in society . everything in this movie tries to portray this man as a saint ( except for the obvious infidelity he had towards his wife and the aggression he showed the other man when he met his wife ) but why would n't it-after all , it is his point of view . i do not like movies ( especially hollywood interpretations ) that are based on `` true '' stories because they usually distort the `` true '' parts into something else , something not so true . this was his point of view and a hollywood construction , yet everyone believed it was the truth unquestionably . well i researched his past a bit before making any assumptions , and he was a very violent man . not only that , there is still a possibility that he did murder those people . if you do not believe me , search for him on the internet , and read the articles some people have of him . the boxing match he claimed to have won so easily , was actually won by his opponent joey giardello and there are tapes to prove it . besides that , there are many twisted and purposely left out facts in this movie . the supporting cast were the nicest people i have ever seen on the face of the earth and their `` nice and perfect '' persona looked difficult to keep up . this movie was a hollywood version of yet another unfortunate true story that is still left to be told truthfully . denzel 's acting is stale , and the supporting cast 's mickey mouse attitudes are annoying . the movie also begins very slow paced and is boring .
this is one of those cheaply made tv movies were the characters seem to lose all sense . the premise of the story , the kidnapping of a son by the boy 's father , is very good . but the story just seems to beggar belief . whenever the mother is advised not to do anything you know fine well she is going to do it . it is a bit far fetched and not worthy of a viewing .
my husband and i are the parents of an autistic little boy who lives in the same township as the screenwriter of this movie . we were very upset that the jcc is bringing this movie to its jewish film festival because of the way that the mentally disabled character frankie is portrayed . we went to see this movie at the local theater when it came out . we demanded out money back . we would encourage the screenwriter to donate a portion of the funds to the jcc 's achad program to apologize . we did not like seeing frankie - a mentally disabled and perhaps even autistic teenager - as part of a joke in which he keeps dropping something to look at the nanny 's breasts . there was no point to frankie 's character other than to say `` hey , being mentally disabled is funny . '' challenges like frankie 's are a serious matter . families like mine are truly suffering . the screenwriter needs to explain herself . does she know families with disabled kids ? does she see the families with disabled kids week after week at the jcc pool ?
karen ( bobbie phillips ) mentions , after one of her kids gets out of hand with his lame annoying jokes , that she 'll never survive this trip .. boy , is she ever on the money . karen is a school teacher taking her group of kids from the shepley college of historical studies to the butt ugly locale of a run-down manor in the major dung-heap of ireland .. surely there are places in this country more appeasing to the senses than this ? ! the caretaker of the manor , gary ( simon peacock ) warns karen and her students to stay on the path and not to stray into the forest . there 's a myth regarding the sawney bean clan , a ritualistic druid cannibalistic inbred family celebrate samhain ( the end of summer , october 31st ) '' feast of the dead '' where sacrifices are needed to appease the spirits . gary is supposedly clairvoyant , his cousin pandora ( ginger lynn allen ) tells us , because he was born on samhain . funny , because he sure does n't see outcomes well or even give advice accurately . nearly everyone dies ( .. even those who never stray from the path ) and he does n't even see his own gruesome fate . what this monster we hear breathing is a victim of way too much inbreeding .. it 's face resembles a malformed mushroom and it looks like a hideous reject from a mad max picture . it does n't take long before the `` evil breeder '' is killing everyone . paul ( howard rosenstein ) is karen 's love interest who made the wrong decision coming to ireland without his girlfriend 's prior knowledge . horrible formula slasher does n't stray from the norm . it 's minuscule budget shows loudly and the characters are assembly line clichés churned out yet again to be slaughtered in the usual gory ways . most of the violence flashes across the screen quickly with not much dwelling on the breeder 's acts of death towards his victims . lots of guts get pulled out during the fast edit cuts as one scene whisks to another . seeing gillian leigh 's gorgeous naked body for a moment or two is n't incentive enough to recommend it . phil price has the really irritating trickster character , steve , often shedding bad jokes .. how he is able to get leigh 's barbara naked in the shower for some action is anyone 's guess because i have no reason why he 'd stand a chance with such a hottie . brandi-ann milbrant has the fortunate role of shae , the quiet virgin smart girl ( who is also quite hot ) who we know will be the one chosen by the screenplay to survive . jenna jameson drops by long enough to get her heart cut out of her chest ( at least we see her breasts momentarily before her chest is opened up ) with a few minor lines about two missing friends she 's looking for . the film 's main problem is that the story and character development grinds to a halt because it 's realized that none of them are at all interesting so director christian viel just lets loose his monster to run rampant causing carnage , obliterating an entire cast almost in one fail swoop within ten minutes . oh , and richard grieco has a minor opening cameo as a victim who strayed off the path to tent camp with his chick .
herbie , the volkswagen that thinks like a man , is back , now being driven by maggie peyton ( lindsay lohan ) , a young woman who hopes to become a nascar champion . the only thing standing in her way is the current champion , trip murphy ( matt dillon ) , who will do anything to stop them . the original love bug was n't that good . even as a kid , i remember not liking it very much . i had some hope for the sequel though . i mean the cast is pretty good and the trailer makes it seem like a pretty fun movie . unfortunately , herbie is no better now than he was before . the film is defiantly weak for people over the age of 12 . it will probably entertain the kids but that 's all . i realize it 's a kids film and all but they could have made the film a little more interesting . there were very few laughs and it got boring near the end . most of the actors seemed dead in their roles too . lindsay lohan was alright as maggie peyton . she usually gives better performances like in freaky friday and mean girls . matt dillon gave the best performance out of everyone . he was very good as the bad guy even though he did n't have a lot to work with . justin long , breckin meyer and michael keaton are really just there and they do n't do anything special . angela robinson directs and she does an okay job . she tries to keep the film interesting but she 's working with a weak script . thomas lennon and ben garant wrote the screenplay and would it be any surprise to you that they were also responsible for taxi and the pacifier ? these two make light films yet they fail to really make the stories interesting or enjoyable . it 's not completely their fault but hopefully next time they will try harder . in the end , herbie is a safe , predictable family film that 's worth watching if you 're a kid . everyone else is better off skipping it . rating 4/10
this was a truly insipid film . the performances are third rate , and the dialogue is so stilted that at times it seemed to have just rolled over and died . my reason for renting this was simple : find a movie with scriptwriting . i needed a visual aid for my presentation , so i figured why not use a clip ? boy was i wrong . after searching my local video store , i came upon this , where it was suspiciously titled `` starstruck '' . i thought , `` what the hey '' , and decided to give it a try . well , i was very unhappy with my results . there was maybe one scene i could use , and meanwhile , i was practically falling asleep because of the sheer banality of the flick . so ..... i took this back and picked up ed wood . there 's a movie i can use as an example . then again , anything would be presentable compared to the drivel that is `` starfucker '' .
when converting a book to film , it is generally a good idea to keep at least some of the author 's intended tone or conveyed concepts , rather than ignoring the author altogether . while it is clear that the director had access to and went on the advice of elinore stewart 's children , it is key to note that the children believed their mother to be a complete liar in regards to the good , enriching , strengthening experiences of homesteading her land . the book details her life on her and her husband 's adjoining homesteads in the vast wyoming frontier ; she chronicles daily adventures with her numerous friends and acquaintances , though they lived dozens of miles apart . the film , however , takes a standard stance for the time it was made , portraying this woman 's experience as harsh , unforgiving , and nearly pointless . perhaps the director was bringing some of his vietnam war experiences with him to this movie ( as some film aficionados have said ) , but it seems to be a lousy excuse for taking all the joy and beauty of the book and twisting it into a bleak , odious landscape devoid of friends or hope . do n't waste your time with this movie ; read the book instead .
i had to endure teen-aged , high school angst and family conflict for almost all of the show . i really do not care about high-school girls fretting about their relationships . i 've spent my time in hell dealing with such issues and i care nothing about fictional teenies going through `` lite '' versions of the horrors i endured . i want science fiction . that 's the only reason i 'm here . there were a few seconds of science fiction late in the show . we finally see a proto-cylon . it was good but with one problem . its red eye-dot would lock onto an object of interest . we all know that cylon eyedots always scan back and forth , giving the machine a map of the world . the red eye-dot does not ever stop moving back and forth . i really hope the writers fix this abuse before the second episode .
this is one of the funniest movies i 've ever seen . i rented it as a joke , expecting to get a giggle out of the first few scenes , and let me just say i 've never laughed so hard in my life . the first scene where ninjas randomly pop out of the air and start a huge and ridiculous fire fight is one of the most incredibly funny stupid action movie moments of my life . this is not a dinosaur movie , but more a movie that makes fun ( and does n't mean to at all ) of the action genre . i did n't see the first two , but judging by the complexity of the plot , i do n't think there 's to much i missed . if you wan na see a movie that goes great with a six pack or any herbal remedy , than i insist you rent this movie and sit back and watch a 100 years of advancement in cinema get thrown in the trash and get shat on by carnosours
do we really need any more narcissistic garbage on the baby boomer generation ? technically , i am a boomer , though at the time when all the `` idealistic youths '' of the '60s were reading marx , burning their draft cards , and generally prolonging a war which destroyed tens of thousands of lives ; i was still in grade school . but i remember them well , and 9 out of 10 were just moronic fools , who would believe anything as long as it was destructive . this is just another excercise in self-importance from the kids who never really grew up .
if you are planning to rent or buy this movie do n't . it 's the worst thing i have ever seen . i would comment on it more but it has been 10 years since i saw it and have blanked all of it from my mind . save yourself some time money and well being and stay far far away .
this movie was so bad i could n't sit through it without doing something else . there was no plot and no point . i was thoroughly bored and for a film about a stand up comedian , i could n't recall one joke or funny line worthy of the description . politicians with no charisma speaking technical jargon could not be less entertaining . so how was this made ? is there no quality control in film ? watching the girls in bikinis was the only distraction during this horrible experience . it 's hard to imagine that adam sandler who has become popular and has appeared in fine comedies was able to survive after this kind of exposure . he was not funny in the least in this movie so it proves that the writing is so vital in effective comedy .
mild spoilers contained herein . i 'm spoiling this film to save you the trouble of having to watch it . jet li 's movies fall into one of two categories : shaolin period movies and movies set in modern-day hong kong revolving around triads or triad like organizations . each genre has its best and worst films . ` twin warriors ' is jet li 's best shaolin era flick while ` the evil cult ' is his worst . ` fist of legend ' while in the recent past is the best ` modern era ' jet li movie . ` black mask ' without a doubt is the worst . jet li plays a self-exiled mercenary who received an injection that gives him superhuman ability , but shortens his life span . in his ` new life ' in exile he plays a pacifist librarian . when his old mercenary squad goes on a rampage , jet li becomes a vigilante determined to stop them . he dons a very silly corrugated cardboard mask so as to conceal his identity from the police ( and public ) as a librarian , as well as to conceal his true identity to his ex-comrades in arms . the version i saw was dubbed , and horribly at that . why does jet li capture and hold hostage his library co-worker if he 's a pacifist ? is there a love story between them ? why does the police chief not care when he learns of the black mask 's true identity ? the plot is just plain bad . bad by way of the superhero cheesiness , bad in the sense that characters are never properly developed , bad in its character interactions , all topped off by a half-explained story i quickly lost interest in . the action and martial arts sequences are way over the top . lots of blood , gore ( severed body parts aplenty ) , explosions , and matrix style superhuman martial arts fiascos are present in the film . unfortunately this is the films best and only selling point . if you want to see jet li playing a vigilante superhero in a mission impossible style movie ` black mask ' delivers . for the rest of us jet li fans it is a true disappointment . this is one of those movies where jet li never gets to be jet li : he gets neither the chance to charm us with his charisma , nor a chance to impress us with his impressive yet realistic martial arts ability . normally a chinese knockoff of ozzy osbourne would be enough to engross me in a film , sadly ` black mask ' proved to be an exception to that rule . indeed the antagonist of this movie , by the way he dresses , his long straight hair , and trademark round sunglasses looks like the modern and aged ozzy osbourne . however the villain is n't on-screen long enough to make the gimmick worthwhile . i am assuming the likeness to ozzy was intentional ; in addition to the villain 's look , he also ran a satanic looking hideout . so much more could have been made from the ozzy osbourne villain gimmick ! if only the writer , director , or anyone had bothered to give a background to and develop the character of the film 's arch villain ! ` black mask ' was the first jet li film released on video in the usa after lethal weapon 4 , and i 'm glad i stayed away from it until now . it may well have ruined my whole perception of jet li as a martial artist and actor . if you want to see jet li at his worst , rent ` black mask ' and ` the evil cult ' and make it a double feature or horror , both intentional and unintentional . otherwise stick to moves that utilize the talents of jet li , and have plots that are semi-well thought out and plausible . 3/9 stars .
hello , can anybody hear me ? i do n't know why you came to this page , but if you 're a fellow viewer of this movie : join the fanclub ! this movie was so unbelievably bad i could n't stop laughing when i saw it . i think it 's a must see , it 's bad in a nice way . every cliche ever invented for a horror movie can be seen here . i 'm afraid it 's very hard to get a copy of this movie , but it should be in the top 10 of worst movies ever made .
this italian film from the '70 's is not even in the class with dog soldiers , the howling , or even that awful american werewolf in paris , but ... it is fun to watch . i 'm talking about watching the lead actress , a stunning blonde , run amok in her birthday suit . we 're talking about graphic , complete nudity ... it 's obvious that she is a real blonde ... humma humma humma ! ! the story is a hoot , the sfx are childish , and the acting ( for the most part ) stinks . the only redeeming value of this movie is all ( and there is a lot ) the nudity & sex scenes . tame by hbo standards , but still fun to see when you find yourself without a date on saturday night . ok ... here 's the spoiler ... there is no werewolf ( except in the opening scene of the heroine ( ? ? ) 's ancestor . the girl just imagines that she 's a werewolf ... in other words , a clinical lycanthrope .
a good deal of running around . a badly conceived adversary with very little complexity . a scientist who works in communications sending off signals into space and receiving them , gets caught up with aliens . along with his pretty wife , he invades their territory and is given secrets about them . he becomes rather traitorous in the process . granted , he is given little choice anyway . there is a scene where he gives them everything they want . this is a dull movie with lots of long stretches where little happens . the plot is n't technically bad . it 's just that we are usually following a car , a trip through a woods , investigating a building . this is what editing is all about . i suppose the story would n't technically support much more . not much here .
bad actors , bad filming , choppy dialog , shallow characters , but then again it was a bad premise in the first place . basically , an 11 year old who is bullied because he has very little money is given a blank check by a moronic criminal . of course , the 11 year old happens to possess enough technology and intelligence to purchase a house , cash a check for 1,000,000 dollars , and even foil three bumbling idiots , reminiscent of the three stooges . preston blake is an annoying , obnoxious , boy , who decides that , when written a blank check by a complete stranger , he will take advantage of the situation as best as he can . in other words , he wanders into a bank , hands a teller a check he makes in his printer , and miraculously walks out with a million bucks in cash . preston is also apparently capable of reaching incredible speeds on his bicycle , due to the fact that a man driving a jaguar after preston and his 10-speed could not catch him , even when preston jumped a row of cars . of course , with every hokey adventure movie , there has to be hot heroine . in this case our hot heroine is a child molesting fbi agent who dates the eleven year old preston , and promises another date when he turns 17 . however , the absolute worst aspect of this film was not its casting , nor its sloppy dialog , such as `` the only other way i could think of skinning a cat is to stick a hose up it 's butt and then pick up the fur '' . it was , rather , the entire fact that nobody in the entire film seemed to realize that the fbi does not give a damn about random people . what i have failed to explain is that preston uses the alias `` macintosh '' to masquerade as an entrepreneur of sorts . of course , the fbi finds this intriguing and sends our young heroine after preston , who uses his 11-year old wit to first scream when lobsters fall on his face , then treat her to hamburgers , finishing with a ridiculous romp through a cemented area where water jettison 's from the ground . our heroine fails to realize during this whole adventure that the criminal the fbi is pursuing is slipping and sliding right behind the two , as they make their way to preston 's limousine , complete with a 1-dimensional driver who never fails to provide cheap , 3rd rate laughs that the whole family can choke on . overall : 1/10 is incredibly gracious for this film . i do n't see how it only has a 4.4/10 .
... and yet , we were told , there was another hour and 20 minutes left to go . why , oh , why was n't there an editor to tell the writer/director to snip , snip , snip ? apparently that writer/director has previously done shorts ; as a short , this would have been okay . but the lack of dialogue starts to grate after twenty minutes . the lack of much music glares . the background noises ( talking , traffic , and especially a ubiquitous helicopter ) get old really fast . but the worst failure is in story . there is precious little beyond a short . after an hour we saw variations of the same scene over and over again . i nearly screamed at the screen , `` we get it , we get it ! ! ! ! ! '' it 's amazing that after that left the theatre , we could drive home , watch the daily show and parts of the colbert report , get ready for bed , and know that the audience was still trapped in the theatre . it 's not enough to indulge your vision . you have to give the audience enough to share your vision .
how has this piece of crap stayed on tv this long ? it 's terrible . it makes me want to shoot someone . it 's so fake that it is actually worse than a 1940s sci-fi movie . i 'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense . i remember watching it when it first came out . i thought , hey this could be interesting , then i found out how absolutely , insanely , ridiculously stupid it really was . it was so bad that i actually took out my pocket knife and stuck my hand to the table . please people , stop watching this and all other reality shows , they 're the trash that is jamming the networks and canceling quality programming that requires some thought to create .
i also saw this movie at a local screening about a year ago . first , i 'm going to say that it looks great . cassella is incredibly talented and a fantastic cinematographer . i just wish the movie had been as good as it looks . i would not call this a horror movie . putting in a few shots of a decaying ghost does not make it a horror movie . there 's no mystery , there 's no suspense , you know who did it the entire time . it 's a drama . you know what 's going on with both sides the entire movie . the acting was okay , i guess , but nothing special . and the tagline , `` revenge can be deadly '' .... really ? ... they should have check how many hundreds of horror/thriller movies have that exact same tagline ? it pains me to say some of this , but i know a lot of the people who worked on this movie , and i know they do n't want people blowing smoke up their ass , so i give my honest opinion .
student seduction finds saved by the bell alumni elizabeth berkley on the other side of the desk and attracting the attention of young and hunky corey sevier . speaking for myself i can truthfully say that no teachers save one ever did anything for me hormonally back when i was a student . that was a ms. diaz who was a music teacher in junior high school . even as a young gay kid , i could see what she was doing to the rest of the class . she was the only teacher i had who in any way could have been played by elizabeth berkley . corey being the hotty he is , is also used to having his own way with women whether they agree or not . the fact that he comes from rich parents reinforces that belief . he 's flunking chemistry which is what berkley teaches and to keep his gpa up she agrees to tutor , but believe no more . so when he attempts a rape and gets no for an answer it 's damaging to his ego . when berkley goes out of channels and reports the crime to the police , the cops who are keeping in mind the cases of pamela smart and mary kay letourneau just do n't believe here . sevier 's parents have the wherewithal to get a good publicity spin on this for their boy . student seduction which is a misnomer of a title if there ever was one is trash all the way . after the beating that berkley took for showgirls this tv film was not an upward career move .
this movie was made-for-tv , so taking that into account , i 'm not going to rip into it as hard as i would a feature film . the script is sub-par , but it does succeed in being mildly humorous in spots , whether it means to be or not . the acting is mostly over-the-top , but that is true for many lower-budget movies . the aspect of this movie that i really hated , though , was that 90-95 % of it is shot on film , but in random places , there will be 5-10 seconds where the footage is shot on video . you can tell because there is less contrast , the colors are less vivid , and the footage is clearly 30 frames per second instead of film 's 24 frames per second . i 'm not sure if maybe these scenes had to be shot later and at that time they did n't have the money to shoot on film ( i assume this is why , anyway ) , but it is disorienting and really makes the film look shoddier than it had to look . anyway , i 've definitely seen worse movies , but i definitely would n't say that i enjoyed this movie and i ca n't recommend that anyone see it .
ok , i knew this would be a back alley f-film ( well below b-film standards ) going into it , so i thought , `` man , i could use a good laugh , so let 's see some nether-beings kill each other . '' well , what i got could have been found at your local `` love toy '' store . random lesbian scenes , very little fighting , and no plot . for example , one scene in particular i remember ( for its sheer stupidity only ; i 've seen better porn on abc ) is where the two main characters ( i ca n't remember their names offhand ... great movie , huh ? ) are driving along , as they mostly did , and the driver was tired of driving and stopped : driver : `` let 's pull over , i 'm tired . you want to take over ? '' passenger : `` sure , i can drive for a while . '' ( once pulled over , the driver starts grabbing the passenger 's boobs ) passenger : `` what are you doing ? i 'm not like that ! '' driver : `` it 's ok , everyone does it sometime . '' passenger : `` ok then . '' ( proceed to take off shirts , fondle , kiss , and perform fellatio ) now , last time i checked , horror films were not in the porn section of hollywood video ( unless you 're into s & m , then you go elsewhere ) , and it definitely should n't be in the mainstream videos at blockbuster . do n't get me wrong ; i 'm definitely not one of those people who hate porn , but i only watch it when appropriate and definitely do n't want to watch it if i 'm looking for a movie in the mainstream stores , as this one i rented was at one of the two retailers i named ( and probably at the other too if i went and looked ) . worst movie ever , no one should rent it , and it should only be bought for a public burning ceremony . if i could give it a 0 , i would , but i can only give it a * of 10 .
in a woman under the influence mabel goes crazy , but i can see why she does go crazy . if i lived the kind of life she lived with the family she has i would go crazy too . everyone in her family is off their rocker and not completely with it . she is constantly surrounded by people yelling at her and telling her what is best for herself and people that are n't the sharpest knifes in the drawer . to start with the one person closest to her in her life , her husband , nick , is a little off his rocker . he is always yelling at her when he is home telling her how to live her life and to stop acting like an imbecile . the rest of the time he is working long hours at his job and he is n't there to support her when she needs support . the one person in her life that should always be there for her is never there and if he is , he is just making her feel worse . she relies on him for support and always goes to him first when she feels she is acting wrong and he does nothing to support her . when she comes home from the hospital all he does is tell her how to act , instead of comforting her , he just yells at her and tells her what to do . the other major people in her life are her parents . her parents do nothing in her life for her . mabel basically runs their lives because they are afraid to stand up to her and stand up for her . in the end she even asks her father to stand up for her and he does n't understand , and when he does get it he still does nothing . they do nothing to help mabel recover or to keep her from going crazy because they do nothing for her period . the only person that tries to do something for her is nick 's mom . nick 's mom is adamant about having mabel committed . she does n't want to have nick deal with it so she has the doctor commit her . it seems as though everyone is against mabel and they feel that having her committed is a good idea because then they wo n't have to deal with it anymore . they all want to live their own lives and do nothing for mabel except for yell at her and make her feel like she is doing something wrong when she really is n't . that is why she went crazy , and why she had to be committed , it was her family 's entire fault .
if you 're a fan of the late gram parsons then this movie is definitely going to divide you ! part comedy , part road movie , but mostly a bad fictionalization of one of rock history 's oddest tales . spoilers -- basically the story concerns a well-known roadie named phil kaufman ( played by johnny knoxville ) who `` supposedly '' made a pact with cult rock/country/folk music hero gram parsons that stated when one of them died first ( it did n't matter which one it was ) that the other living one was to take the deceased out to the desert , joshua tree national park in california to be exact , and set the body ablaze ... so as to free the spirit and become one with the earth , and so on ! sure to keep his word the barely sober kaufman , with the assistance of a self-hating , pot-headed buddy , jacks the body of the late parsons -whom had fatally overdosed from a drug and booze bender a day prior- from the airport . and shortly after that what ensues is a cringe-worthy combination of fiction and truth where the late parsons girlfriend , kaufman 's girlfriend , parsons stone-faced father , and a gaggle of police officers and other pointless idiotic characters all try to beat the clock ( so to speak ) in trying to catch kaufman and his pal before they get the chance to torch parsons body ! the film 's incompetent direction , bad acting , and lame offbeat tone in general all sink this movie faster than the titanic . and not to mention the huge fact that this movie is not even halfway telling the truth of the actual events that took place . the accuracies that should have replaced the inaccuracies , as far as i 've heard them , include : number 1. , parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a child , so what the hell was that all about with the girlfriend 's and the chasing and whatnot ? , number 2. , kaufman 's drugged-out buddy was a known willing participant ( unlike what the movie attempts to portray ) in the disposing of parson 's body , and finally number 3. , gram parsons real-life father died when he was just a boy , and so it was parson 's step-father ( who could have honestly cared less about gram parsons when he was still alive ) in real-life that took care of the body after it was torched ! altogether though , what probably disturbs me the most about this movie is that the real phil kaufman was actually on set to help assist with the facts of the story . and yet still , the movie ended up becoming so untrue and so bad that it really boggles my mind , frankly ! also as the mediocre aforementioned acting in the film is concerned it 's lead character , played by the ultra-grating johnny knoxville ( phil kaufman ) , is not only a bad actor but it actually seems as if he were asleep throughout most of the movie , and the rest of the pathetic cast are for the most part either hysterical , brain-dead , or seem utterly clueless as to what they 're actually doing there in the first place ! overall , if you like johnny knoxville and or really dig the so-bad-they're-not-even-good buddy flicks then i suppose you just might get a kick out of this movie ! but , if you 're like me and are a fan of the late gram parsons , enjoy films that attempt to tell the truth as much as they can especially if they 're based on an actual real-life story , and or you just like good films , be-them road movies , or fictional slice-of-life stuff , you will truly loathe this film and advise others to do likewise . i obviously hated this movie and wished it had never been made in the first place , but since it was made i would have preferred it to have turned out differently than what it did , unfortunately ! maybe some day the real facts of the story will come through and be made into a really great biopic on all of gram parsons life ... not just what happened to his body after his spirit left it . but , until that time comes all we as an audience , and or fans of the late performer get is this sad waste of film and an all-around terrible memorial ( of sorts ) to the musical legacy that gram parsons was known to have left behind . it should also be noted that they did actually use parsons music , and a few others as well in the flick , but not surprisingly though , you never get to hear enough of it to really enjoy it even in the slightest bit . ( turkey-zero stars )
when the young kevin gets the boat of his dead uncle as a gift , he invites five friends of him to a trip to catalina island for the weekend . while in the journey , they drink booze , have sex and play games , with each one of them telling his or her greatest fear . later kevin drowns in the open sea , the engine stops , and they are haunted and murdered by their greatest innermost fear . yesterday , my wife , son , daughter and three other friends joined to watch `` haunted boat '' on dvd . with less than 30 minutes running time , the group gave up watching this messy and boring amateurish piece of crap , and we decided to see another film . later , i decided to watch the rest of this flick to see how bad it could be and it would have been better off going to bed to sleep . the confused story has an awful cinematography and camera work , with a cast that is probably studying to be actors and actresses and in the end this film seems to be a bad project of cinema school . the terrible and pretentious screenplay shows a ridiculous twist in the end , actually a complete mess that made me not understand what the story is all about . was the girl insane and traveled alone in the boat , imagining the whole situation with imaginary friends ? if that is true , are their friend again in the very end fruit of her madness ? my vote is one . title ( brazil ) : `` viagem para a morte '' ( `` trip to the death '' )
a definite no . a resounding no . this movie is an absolute dud . having been recommended to me by a friend very much into `` that sort of thing , '' i watched this movie with some anticipation of being informed , changed , moved , altered , uplifted , and all the other positive mystical things that could happen to me when i suddenly see the truth . now this may sound like someone who is already predisposed to poo-pooing anything dealing with the metaphysical , the metaphysical/physical boundaries of existence . believe me , i am not such a person . i try to be open about any presentation and then decide accordingly . in terms of content , the only thing i found mildly interesting and informative , was the bit about peptides , emotions , addiction , and cellular receptors . that was the only `` unifying '' element i could find in the documentary part of this film . the rest of the documentary rambled around several topics and never seemed to unify and cohere , try to tie up and conclude to a point . and what was all that stuff about native americans not being able to see the ships that columbus came in ? who told the `` authorities '' in this film that that was what happened in 1492 ? where they there too ? had they compared this to scientific work being done in visual cognition ( the famous gorilla video , for example , visit the visual cognition lab at the university of illinois site ) there may have been a more convincing point made . here , however , it seemed like unsupported mystical mumbo-jumbo . as a film : this was n't one film , it was two . i found the documentary part mildly interesting , just to hear the people talking about what they were talking about ( i was annoyed that their credentials were n't presented at the bottom of the screen when they spoke , at least initially ! ) but i found the `` story '' part of the movie with matlin in it annoying , disjointed , intrusive , non-related and downright stupid . that bit about the polish wedding with that dance was not in the least bit funny . it was laughable , ludicrous , sophomoric , and stupid . and i found the use of the word `` pollack '' offensive . it just seemed so out of place and wrong . is such usage okay because a member of the group uses a pejorative term to refer to the group because he or she is a member of the group ? that may be okay to make a point , but it did n't seem to be used that way here . and in any case , i do n't care what the reason , it offended me , a pole . i never call myself or refer to my ethnic background as `` pollack . '' and i certainly do n't like like it when others do . can i watch or listen to a bigoted conversation in which this term is used ? you betcha ! but again this did n't seem to be the case here . it just seemed so out of place . unprovocked , unmitigated . the acting was abysmal . elaine hendrix 's performance was totally unbelievable . at times , it seemed like she was just reading her lines that had just been given to her . marlee matlin for the most part seemed to be sleep walking through this whole thing . perhaps she was baffled by the material . i know i was . if she was supposed to be portraying a disillusioned drugged-up anxiety-prone malcontent , it just did n't seem to click . but by far , the world 's worst was hendrix ! all in all , i found this a disjointed , poorly acted piece of clap-trap .
it 's just breathtaking in it 's awfulness -- you really must see it ! depending on your perspective , dylan walsh is either the savior or the problem here : since he 's the only one on screen that can actually get his lines out with something akin to natural cadences and inflection , he either ruins the movie by pointing up everyone else 's flaws , or he saves it by providing some context for their awfulness . i 'm inclined to the later view -- thanks to him , it works as high comedy . he 's the 7 footer in a game of dwarf basketball , his skill set just does n't apply in this context , and his discombobulation is delicious . the real treat though is ms. eastwood , whose inability to speak in plain english is so pervasive i actually googled her , expecting to learn that she was a russian beauty who pronounced her lines phonetically , with no understanding of their meaning . but no : she 's just a talent free american who will leave you laughing with every line she drops . whether she knew what the lines meant must remain an open question .
this film has its share of negative comments and i have to agree with those who consider it one of the worst movies ever made . true , most of the films based on the works of king are pretty bad , but this one goes beyond bad into the realm of horrible . there is not one scary moment in it unless you consider stupidity scary . it is typical king garbage -- myths twisted around that made no sense in the first place , mixed with obvious and belabored so-called `` scares '' that are about as shocking as peewee 's playhouse ( which , at least , is entertaining ) . it is full of ridiculous moments , not the least of which is alice krige 's character . when she goes on a rampage and starts quipping like the villain in an old batman tv show , it is so absurd as to be sickening . all the people who had cameos in this ( including john landis ) are lucky they still have careers . but the most absurd part has to be the cat costumes towards the end , which look like cheap rubber outfits someone bought at k-mart . the best part of the movie is the appearance of some real cats who actually out-act the people in the movie .
r balki tries to tell you a story that had been earlier told by ram gopal verma in nishabd in a sensuous way . this time it is mixed with mature humors . amitabh bachchan is a chef and owns an indian cuisine in london . he is very dominating and arrogant and respects his job just like any other job . according to him , cooking is an art . still can not make hyderabadi biryani properly . enter tabu who sends her the proper hyderabadi biryani made by her and they soon starts meeting up and finally falls in love with each other amitabh is 65 and tabu is 35 . no probs ! but one hitch ! tabu 's father paresh rawal ! ! the couples decide to meet the father for the approval of their marriage . but amitabh realizes that tabu 's father is much younger to him . and the complications begin performance wise all three actors are brilliant . the script of the film is very tight and interesting . the dialogues of the film are catchy . but somewhere you feel that your stomach is not properly filled . the comedy is sometimes not properly understood . the film also tries to go lengthy at some parts . musically nothing much to sing about except the title track . the camera-work is good . director r balki could have given much better from this script . but in the second half he himself looks confused . the `` satyagrah '' scene of the father looked irritating . but the lines spoken by amitabh bachchan during that scene are clap worthy . on the whole , cheeni kum needed to have more sugar !
normally when i go on a raid of the local hollywood video i head towards the b-horror movies . to me the basic principals behind a b-horror movie is it 's camp value , heavy gore , lots of needless nudity , and special effects that anyone can put together with a pack of corn syrup and latex . i rented cradle of fear strictly because i 've been a fan of the band since they released they 're first demo in 1995 . the movie started off on an interesting note and then when i saw dani filth stomp on an extremely obvious latex mask i laughed . when i saw the lesbian sex scene for the sake of a lesbian sex scene i laughed even harder . i spent pretty much the entire movie laughing and when i was n't laughing i was shaking my head thinking about how a multi-million dollar rock star would want to make a movie that seemed like it was on a budget of multi-hundreds of dollars . the whole point of this movie to me seemed to attract the `` hardcore goth kids who think death , destruction , sex , blood , and satan are the greatest things invented since lava lamps . that was really it . to me this movie seemed like 80.5 % of the things that happened in this movie just happened for the sake of being satanic . this movie had a lot of potential and really could have been a real good movie but in the end this `` movie '' really is just an extended cradle of filth video .
i have never commented on imdb before , but i feel i have to after watching the batman animation . its absolute rubbish ! warner brothers had the perfect animation series in batman in the early 90s so what the hell are they doing trying to mess with the winning formula ? i feel like writing a complaint letter to wb . the original animation was dark and brooding , exactly the way batman was intended to be . wb had to mess this up with some tripe batman of the future . now they produce this drivel . the joker does n't remotely resemble the joker from dc comics . dc should sue . i urge everyone who agrees with me to email or write to wb and use people power to get back the original formula
this film is self indulgent rubbish . watch this film if you merely want to hear spoken gaelic or enjoy the pleasant soundtrack . watch for any other reason and you will be disappointed . it should be charming but is n't - it 's just irritating . the characters are difficult to care about and the acting is poor . the stories within the film are also charmless and sinister . i was expecting a heartwarming family film but this also held no appeal to my fourteen year old daughter . it is rarely that i can not see a film through to its conclusion but this one got the better of both of us . although the film is set in current times it has the look and feel of a cheap east european film made during the cold war . there is n't even enough in the way of beautiful scottish scenery and cinematography to redeem it . a real shame because as a film this is an embarrassment to scotland .
this movie had so much potential - a strong cast , a reasonably strong idea and clearly a decent budget . i 'm not sure where it all went wrong , but each of those elements was wasted . the story went nowhere , the characters were hollow to say the least and the result was a very boring , pointless , waste of a film . i hated it . judging by the other votes , i 'm in the minority here and must be some sort of freak . however , i thought this movie was dreadful . i had high hopes , but was very disappointed . a particular disappointment was jody foster 's character . a very cocky `` fixer '' of sorts makes a nice idea . jody was confident and sexy , but the character did nothing and went nowhere . denzel washington played the same character he always plays - enjoyable but nothing new .
this is even worse than the original game of death . a jumbled , incoherent storyline leads to `` billy lo '' falling from a helicopter to the ground below , killing him , as we 're left to follow his younger brother , bobby lo . so not only do we start out following some bruce lee clone , the film kills that one off and has us follow another one thirty minutes into the story . the main reason to watch this one is when bobby lo fights a lion , which is quite obviously a guy in a lion costume . jang lee hwang is also the villain , who is usually pretty awesome but his screen time is significantly small . mainly watched this and the original game of death because they 're a part of the bruce lee boxed set . it 's no wonder they 're included with lee 's finished works . no one would buy them otherwise .
the movie never becomes intolerable to watch . and to tell it straight , it has nothing to show either , except maybe part-sexy alicia silverstone in a nerdy non-sexy character in revealing quite-sexy dresses . the story is very easy to follow or there 's nothing to follow -- you can see in either way . there is no suspense , little action , unimpressive dialogs , unsatisfactory sensuality , same boring locations and very bland acting . kevin dillon is totally worthless . silverstone ... well , i did n't concentrate too much on her acting , i confess . yet as i said earlier , if one has nothing to do except watching a movie , this wo n't look so bad . 4/10
connie hoffman is very pretty and is attractively topless at times . that 's it , folks . the sole reason for even considering whether to watch this film or not . these 70s sexploitation period pieces are sometimes entertaining by virtue of their very datedness ( flared trousers , big hair , zapata moustaches etc. ) . this one is n't . the script is bad , the acting is bad , the direction is bad , and the idea of having a senior citizen romantic leading man is exceptionally bad . the title , hinting at a sex comedy , is grossly misleading . i heartily recommend avoiding this one like the plague .
i 've seen ( far too ) many flicks from this company - this one is about middle of the pack . one the good side , its a bit more stylized and under control than some of their fare - less of the sophomoric attempts at humor and more adherence to story ( for what its worth ) . many of their titles , like sexy sixth sense , are buried by baaaad performances and an amateurish sensibility . on the other side , i found the simulated sex scenes not as hot as some of their other flicks ( like vampire vixens , gladiator eroticus , spiderbabe or mistress frankenstein ) . misty mundae is always a 10 on the peter meter , as is darian caine . i found barbara joyce hot in a school-marm kinda way , and ruby larocca a sexy little hottie . watch this with the remote firmly in your ( free ) hand , on a night when you need a break from porn . do n't waste your time wanting to check the story - you 've got better things to do w/ your life . it is not a movie , it 's pure t & a , but not bad by that standard .
disney has now made straight-to-video sequels to a good bunch of their many animated features . two of these were made for their 1991 classic , `` beauty and the beast '' . well , these ones are n't really sequels , as they are both set in between the events of the first film . the first of these two straight-to-video films was `` beauty and the beast : the enchanted christmas '' , which seems to be disliked by quite a few fans of its theatrical predecessor , but i think that can usually be expected with sequels . however , this second one , `` belle 's magical world '' , is definitely inferior . the film features three short stories , all of which take place while belle is in the castle , and the place is under the spell of the enchantress . the first is `` the perfect word '' , where a misunderstanding at the table between belle and the beast leads to trouble , and neither wants to be the first to apologize . the next story is `` fifi 's folly '' , where fifi and lumiere 's fifth anniversary is coming up , and lumiere is unprepared , so belle helps him . however , fifi sees lumiere practicing romance with belle , and thinks they 're actually in love . the film ends with `` the broken wing '' . in this story , belle takes care of a bird with a broken wing , but a bird in the castle will probably mean trouble if the beast finds out , as he hates birds ! the plot description i gave is for the original vhs version of disney 's third `` beauty and the beast '' movie . apparently , in the dvd version , there is another story added called `` mrs. potts 's party '' , but i 've only seen the original version . however , since i highly doubt that one story would stand out as a classic over the rest , i see no point in watching the special edition . anyway , the first thing i will say about `` belle 's magical world '' is that the animation is very 2-dimensional compared to what we 're used to from disney , which would obviously disappoint many people . i did n't like `` beauty and the beast : the enchanted christmas '' that much , but you certainly ca n't say the same about its animation . i 'm sure the stories in `` belle 's magical world '' could entertain many kids ( mostly younger ones , i think ) , and each story has a moral , so they could also teach them some valuable lessons . however , for adults , the film really does n't have a lot . i personally did n't find any good humour in it , found that the constant conflict between belle and the beast got tiring , and the stories did not impress me too much at all in any way ( they 're not very well written ) . in `` the perfect word '' , the way belle says to the beast , `` you 're acting rude ... and foolish ! '' is a bit cheesy , and i think there are quite a few other cheesy moments in these stories . by the time this straight-to-video movie first came out , i was around eleven or twelve years old . i do n't know what i would have thought of it at the time , as i had lost interest in disney by then , and it would be years before i would gain any of that interest back . even when this movie was first released , i think i was a bit past the age group it was aimed at . i never saw `` beauty and the beast : the enchanted christmas '' until a couple months ago , but unlike that film , i never even heard of this one until recently , i think just after seeing the first sequel to disney 's 1991 hit . well , as much as i like the theatrical original , i would n't have been missing much if i never became aware of this film 's existence . for little kids , i 'm sure `` belle 's magical world '' can be highly entertaining , and probably somewhat educational with its morals , but i do not recommend it for adult disney fans .
three giant sabretooth tigers ( .. created in a laboratory from mitochondrial dna , a `` genetic breakthrough '' derived from fossil material ) are on the rampage accidentally set free through a series of events ( such as a computer geek 's introduced virus in order to unlock security measures keeping the resort novelty shops closed during construction & a security guard 's leaving a gate open while searching for the missing page from a porn mag that flew away in the breeze ) that threaten the lives of those it comes in contact with . the tigers are always hungry , but are unable to digest what they eat . so pretty much the tigers just rip their prey to shreds . victims include a group of college kids ( .. the stereotypes include a goth girl , jock and tech nerd ) , security personnel , and those somewhat developed rich scoundrels who we can easily despise and wish horrible death . rounding out a series of bad sci-fi channel flicks , attack of the sabretooth has some of the most wretched computer simulated animals i 've seen yet . and , the final death sequence is so putridly presented , you 'll demand within the deepest recesses of your soul the time spent on this truly awful exercise in the creature feature canon . there 's some good dark humor deriving from heads being torn from necks , but even here the prosthetic work is unconvincing . prosthetic body parts and blood aplenty as victims are pounced upon , crying for help and receiving none . i 'm starting to sound like a broken record , repeating myself in every user comment i write for these sci-fi channel flicks . i think maybe it 's time to move on to other kinds of cinema . robert carradine has a role as a ruthless businessman who is being wooed by his truly repellent ex-brother-in-law , nicholas bell , the one opening `` primal park '' , a resort / zoo featuring genetically created sabretooth tigers as it 's major attraction . stacy haiduk , still quite yummy , is a security officer who attempts to convince bell to get the investors he hopes to goad into putting money in his multi-million dollar project to leave the island . brian wimmer is haiduck 's lover and his role is a mechanic keeping operations running smoothly . bell 's fate at the end , resulting from a dislodged tooth from a sabretooth tiger statue is the pits . carradine spends a great deal of the film taunting bell , his arch nemesis . the tiger 's point-of-view shows humans in a bright color as it moves towards them . the film ultimately consists of characters walking through darkened corridors ( .. the tech nerd 's virus cut off the power ) worried for their safety . the college kids commit breaking and entering to score certain items needed ( .. it 's a scavenger hunt type of activity ) to enter a fraternity / sorority . the cast playing these kids do not rise above their clichés .
wanda nevada is a pubescent fantasy movie using circa 1979 ideas of what constitutes illicit romance for 13 year old girls . script , pacing , and direction are uniformly awful . action sequences defy belief . characters speak with the simplified diction one usually finds in films aimed at the under 10 set , but also includes multiple sexual references involving shields ' character as well as graphic deaths . the movie wants to be a comedy on some level but is never funny , an adventure picture but plot and action are insipid , and a children 's movie but introduces pedophilia and child rape as real possibilities . it also wants to be a buddy picture , a coming of age picture , a ghost movie , an indian spiritual movie , a travelogue , and a western . the overall affect is of massive stupidity with a nasty twist . wanda nevada is a complete waste of time unless you want to see a good many terrific shots of the grand canyon . that it manages to do just fine .
for movie fans who have never heard of the book ( shirley jackson 's `` the haunting of hill house '' ) and have never seen the 1963 robert wise production with julie harris , this remake will seem pretty darn bad . for those of us who have , it is just plain awful . bad acting ( what was neeson thinking ? ) , goofy computer enhancements , and a further move away from jackson 's story doom this remake . do yourself a favor and rent the original movie . it still effectively scares without hokey special effects . the acting is professional and believable . for readers of the book , the from 1963 follows the it much closer .
quite what the producers of this appalling adaptation were trying to do is impossible to fathom . a group of top quality actors , in the main well cast ( with a couple of notable exceptions ) , who give pretty good performances . penelope keith is perfect as aunt louise and equally good is joanna lumley as diana . all do well with the scripts they were given . so much for the good . the average would include the sets . nancherrow is nothing like the house described in the book , although bizarrely the house they use for the dower house looks remarkably like it . it is clear then that the dower house is far too big . in the later parts , the writers decided to bring the entire story back to the uk , presumably to save money , although with a little imagination i have no doubt they could have recreated ceylon . now to the bad . the screenplay . this is such an appallingly bad adaptation is hard to find words to condemn it . edward does not die in the battle of britain but survives , blinded . he makes a brief appearance then commits suicide - why ? ? loveday has changed from the young woman totally in love with gus to a sensible farmer 's wife who can give up the love her life with barely a tear ( less emotional than brief encounter ) . gus , a man besotted and passionately in love , is prepared to give up his love without complaint . walter ( mudge in the book ) turns from a shallow unfaithful husband to a devoted family man . jess is made into a psychologically disturbed young woman who wo n't speak . aunt biddy still has a drink problem but now without any justification . the dower house is occupied by the army for no obvious reason other than a very short scene with jess who has a fear of armed soldiers . whilst miss mortimer 's breasts are utterly delightful , i could not see how their display on several occasions moved the plot forward . the delightfully named nettlebed becomes the mundane dobson . the word limit prevents me from continuing the list . there is a sequel ( which i lost all interest in watching after this nonsense ) and i wonder if the changes were made to create the follow on story . it is difficult to image that rosamunde pilcher would have approved this grotesque perversion of her book ; presumably she lost her control when the rights were purchased .
raising victor vargas is just a bad film . no amount of denial or ad-dollar supported publicity with change this sad fact . maybe peter sollett saw he did n't have the money to do the movie he wanted to make and decided to take the easy way out by making a bad film that cynically apes the tenets of current `` edgy film-making '' . maybe he just does n't know any better . it 's hard to tell . what 's not hard to tell is the result . except for a few viewers who will intellectualize the bad film-making into an attempt at pseudo-realism , few will enjoy it . i know i did n't . do yourselves a favor and pass on this film .
i was not impressed about this film especially for the fact that i went to the cinema with my family in good faith to see a film which was certificate rated 12a here in the uk . to my dismay , this film was full of embarrassing sexual jokes . ( which is not a problem to me as an adult , but not good for watching with children ) . this film at times was very crude at times with fart jokes , getting hit in the groin etc ... and for the most part of the film not very funny . the premise of the film is that calvin sims who is a 2inch midget , gets out of jail and steals a giant sized diamond but is then forced to put it in a womens handbag . so the rest of the movie sees him passing himself off as an abandoned baby , getting into this womens house so he can get this diamond back . up until now , i have enjoyed most of the output from the wayans brothers - but this film is certainly taking the biscuit . a bit of good advice - wait till it comes on tv or cable
jochen hick wrote and directed this little thriller of a suspense film based on the concept that the aids virus was a sheep virus mutated by the government to rid the world of gays and was apparently tested on convicts in the years before the outbreak of the hideous disease . were it not for the poignancy of the concept of the film , this would fall into the category of the many films about the ruination of the world by a rampant non-prejudicial infective organism . stefan ( tom wlaschiha ) journeys from berlin to san francisco to investigate his father 's scientific suppositions about the induced sheep virus and its effects of the convicts in whom it was infused . he meets with some disdain and resistance to a dead theory , but also encounters some folks who know of the theory and support his investigation . simultaneously with his visit a series of serial murders takes place , each victim killed in a similar manner and each murder apparently accompanied by strains of music from puccini 's opera 'turandot ' which just happens to be opening at the san francisco opera . a police investigator louise tolliver ( irit levi ) and her companion cop ( kalene parker ) follow the murders while stefan makes the rounds of the sex clubs and bars in san francisco trying to locate men who may have been guinea pigs for his father 's theory . he encounters a strange lad jeffrey ( jim thalman ) with whom he has a cat and mouse attraction and a prominent doctor burroughs ( richard conti ) who seems oddly involved in the cast of suspects . how this all come to an end is the play of the film , a story as much about the search for self identity between stefan and jeffery as it is a case for investigation of murders . while tom wlaschiha , jim thalman and richard conti do well with their roles ( they are the only three who have any prior acting experience in the film ! ) , the quality of the film sags considerably by the less than acceptable minimally talented irit levy and kaylene parker : when on screen the credibility of the story drops below zero . there are some small cameos by other actors that brighten the screen for the moments they inhabit , but in all the film is drowned by the incessant replay of 'nessun dorma ' as sung by mario del monaco from a recording o the opera - and that seems to be the reason for making the film ! good idea for a film and some good characterizations by the actors , but there is no resolution of the initial premise that started the whole thing . grady harp , february 06
as a south african , it 's an insult to think that someone was actually paid to produce this nonsense ! despite the fact that the director was one of the writers for the original shaka zulu mini , this `` addition '' to the series is appalling ! the original series was based on historical facts about a man who was a great strategist , leader and warrior . a man who played a large role in shaping the history of local tribes in south africa . the plot of this film , however , is nothing but hogwash , scraped from the bottom of the barrel by a writer that has failed to impress since the mid-nineties . while omar sharif and henry cele are good actors , what is david hasselhoff doing here , rescuing drowning slaves with his red buoy and bleached smile ? i kept expecting blond , busty women to appear out of nowhere and run across the screen in their tiny red bathing suits , for no apparent reason . not that this would 've been any more bizarre than the fantastical plot line that was probably dreamed up after 10 pints of beer at a fancy dress party , where someone 's caveman costume inspired the writer to return to an african theme for his next `` blockbuster '' .
this would have to be one of the worst , if not the worst , movie i 've ever nearly seen . ( i could n't watch it all the way through ) . purely and simply it 's gratuitous violence just for the sake of it and the ridiculous story line only adds to the lacklustre and incompetent filming . sick . and only suitable for those with a love for manic mutilation . after murdering several hundred men , women and children , seed is finally caught after effortlessly killing several more police officers that finally get a tip as to his whereabouts . he 's sentenced to death by electric chair and miraculously survives ! buried alive , he digs his way out and plots revenge against those that put him away and flicked the switch . needless to say , more gruesome murders ensue ...
how the hell did they get this made ? ! presenting itself as a caper comedy , the misbegotten `` $ '' is essentially two hours of people mumbling sentence fragments . the usually dependable warren beatty looks drunk , and the usually hilarious goldie hawn acts like she 's on depressants . as for gert frobe , his most famous role - goldfinger - was infinitely more admirable than his character here . not even the guy with the champagne bottle of lsd can save this litany of worthlessness . am i comparing this movie to `` plan 9 from outer space '' ? i would n't do such a thing even if someone paid me . `` p9fos '' was idiotically made but ended up hilarious ; this was idiotically made and causes you to feel like your brain just melted out of your ears . warren beatty and goldie hawn made up for this when they co-starred in `` shampoo '' , but then they co-starred in the dreadful `` town & country '' . maybe they just should n't co-star in movies . all in all , i would rather have my skin torn off than have to watch this again . awful . maybe they should remake it with jackie chan . then i would pay to see it .
this movie is phoniness incarnate , a straight 11 / 10 on the phoniness scale . the fakeness of the accents as well as the tightness of the cardigan spandex pants are just staggering . yanks , although the real scotland may be just as colourful , if you ever go there do n't expect to be given much of a the chance to `` dance out '' controversies with the locals . also , do n't attempt to sway local opinion through the otherwise fine art of tapdancing . there are a couple of infectious singing-and-dancing scenes , but the plot is far too cheesy and linear , and the dialogue is often too weak . i also doubt whether anyone would want to be stuck in a timewarped 18.th-century scottish village in the boondocks rather than gay new york city . maybe it was n't such a big sacrifice for that priest to have left brigadoon , maybe he was just trying to get the hell out of that dump . watch it for the fine alternative-reality view of what a christopher streed day-parade in scotland would look like on lsd . other than that i 'd only recommend it to hollywood muscial completists .
how a director of altman 's experience could ever expect us to want to spend time with , or to care about what happens to , a lead character who is neurotic , a whiner , a jerk with no redeeming qualities -- that is the central puzzle about this profoundly confused piece of work . a monstrous piece of trash . in addition to this crippling flaw , the plot line requires serious concentration to follow . the setup that the branagh character walks into is so obviously a setup from the start that we are inclined to wonder whether the writer and director have totally lost respect for their audience . this latter issue is at the core of the film : it represents directorial self-indulgence with profound contempt for the taste , values , and intelligence of the viewer . very unusual for mr. altman . patrick watson
written and acted by sincere amateurs , produced by some exploitation monger , this is dull and hard to watch . not the worst movie ever , but at least schlock like _plan 9 from outer space_ usually had a real actor or two . i 'd recommend _a thief in the night_ only to hardcore ironists and hardcore dispensationalists . i 'm neither . do n't believe me ? watch it for free ( albeit sourced from poor vhs ) here : http : //www.archive.org/details/thief-in-the-night relevant links added mostly to reach imdb 's 10-line minimum : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dispensationalism http : //www.dvdtalk.com/reviews/3199/thief-in-the-night-se-a/
the name uwe boll is automatically linked to bad horror/cult cinema and every new movie he releases – which is about two , three per year – immediately always receives negative ratings and harsh criticism . you 're actually almost tempted to think this is just a contemporary hype . you know , like it 's popular to hate uwe boll whether you liked his movies or not . let me just assure you that this is not the case . uwe boll is a terrible writer/director and quite frankly a menace to the entire film-making industry . `` seed '' is another most unfortunate of proof that . in here , boll tries so desperately hard to come across as controversial and shocking that he overlooks numerous other elements that any movie essentially needs to exist , like a plot , a narrative structure , character development , tension building `` seed '' is a hideous movie , full of gratuitous filth and incompetent padding footage . i once read that `` seed '' was uwe boll 's interpretation of the nowadays popular horror trend of torture porn flicks , but that 's not even close . the film inarguably does borrow some influences from `` saw '' and `` hostel '' , but basically it 's just another umpteenth dull slasher with an indestructible killer and video game violence . the first 45 minutes of `` seed '' are beyond boring and actually just confirm all the obvious things you already knew were going to happen . for you see , boll was stupid enough to begin his film with a ( hyper- fast ) scrolling text explaining there 's a federal us law claiming that death row prisoners have to be set free if three attempts to electrocute them fail . so you know this will happen later on , but still the first three quarters are wasted on catching a serial killer and bringing him to the electric chair . seed is a mute serial killer who supposedly slaughtered 666 victims ( exaggerate much ? ) who wears a bag over his head . he watches real-life animal cruelty footage ( and thus we watch real-life animal cruelty footage ; thanks for that mr. boll ) and videotapes people as the slowly decompose in their cellar ( including a crying baby which is really sick and twisted ) . when he 's finally captured , during the most amateurish and implausible police manhunt ever filmed , and put on death row , the film even becomes more retarded . after being buried alive because the electric chair could n't fry him , max seed crawls back to the surface and goes on a brand new killing spree ; this time mainly focusing on the people who arrested and executed him . the senseless plot twists and complete lack of story depth of this movie go way past being just bad ; they 're downright infuriating and insulting the intelligence level of the average horror movie fanatic . multiple twists and sub plot in `` seed '' are simply impossible to accept by the reasonable functioning human mind because they 're just too dumb ! nobody believes that cops and prison staff members will just bury a mass murderer alive without shooting a few bullets through his head first . nobody will accept that a fugitive convict can not be found for another six months even though he went straight back to the exact same hideout place where they first caught him ! `` seed '' is full of retarded little things like these and the movie gets dumber with each minute that passes . personally , i refuse to accept that the cast & crew members did n't notice this as well . it really makes you think that uwe boll simply neglects all advice and criticism , and just stubbornly shoots his movies the way he wants to . i imagine his yelling stuff like `` shut up and do as you are told '' to his actors whenever they remark that the scene they 're shooting does n't make a lick of sense . just for the fun of upsetting people , there 's a gigantically overlong sequence where max seed smashes an elderly lady to death with a hammer whilst she 's tied up to a chair in the middle of her own living room . instead of shocking , as boll intended it to be , this sequence masterfully epitomizes how pathetic and wannabe controversial the whole film in fact is . `` seed '' is horrendous , it 's disgusting , it 's pitiable , it 's boll .
watching floored by love one thought comes almost immediately to mind , `` my god this looks like a really bad sitcom . '' sure enough , it turns out that fbl is a pilot for a series that may start this fall in canada , poor poor canada . cara ( shirley ng ) and janet ( natalie sky ) are a lesbian couple living in vancouver . janet has come out to her mother already but cara 's parents are still in the dark about their daughter 's homosexuality . the pressure is on to out herself though when the parents come from malaysia for her younger brother 's wedding . that same week british columbia legalizes gay marriage . with janet wanting to wed , cara has to decide whether or not to tell her conservative chinese parents that 's she 's gay . will she ? would she ? could she ? cara 's situation is contrasted with that of jesse ( trent millar ) . jesse has just declared his homosexuality to the world at the age of fourteen . his biological father daniel ( andrew mcilroy ) is coming for a visit soon . his stepfather norman ( michael robinson ) fears that his chances of finally being fully accepted by jesse are harmed by the fact that daniel is gay and he is not . will dialing 1-800-makeover help ? the dialogue and delivery come straight out of a lesser 1950 's program along with the overdone physical emoting . the full house-style melodrama is enough to make you wince from time to time and the attempts at comedy largely fail . mcilroy , millar & sky are the only performers that approach competency in this miscalculation but given the material they have to work with , it 's no surprise that none impress . it 's possible that the campiness was purposeful . it often seems like there is no way the performers are really that bad , that they must be trying to mimic the inferior sitcoms of days yore . if this is indeed the case than this review should probably be rewritten . the rewrite would focus on floored by love being a poor and ineffective send-up of old sitcoms . writer/director desiree lim has put together a by-the-numbers bland-fest that 's entirely forgettable . there was a time when merely having an openly homosexual protagonist was enough to make a mark on the screen . that time is gone . in this day we need quality as well .
advertised by channel seven in australia as the `` untold story '' , this miniseries undoes itself in the first five minutes by washing over the titular character 's childhood and adolescence in less time than a good director will use to set up a single event . this cowardice and self-censorship for the fear of offending anyone permeates the series , and is ultimately responsible for its failure . robert carlyle puts in a valiant performance as the most hated man of the twentieth century , but he is hamstrung by two things . the lack of a decent dialogue coach on the series leaves his northern-uk heritage shining blindingly through his physical appearance , and the dialogue is at times truly abysmal . apparently , acknowledging the fact that hitler was raised in a catholic family is off limits , but insulting millions of vikings and their descendants by having carlyle spew the most ridiculous lines about valhalla is quite okay . well , here 's a clue for the writers - any person familiar with viking mythology will tell you that valhalla is about the embodiment of honour and might in battle , two things that the nazis quickly eschewed in favour of rat cunning and backstabbing . until we can wake up to ourselves and realise that the reason hitler has never been excommunicated from the catholic church is because it would require the embarassing acknowledgement that he was once a member , we will never learn what this awful period of the world 's history has to teach us . so now that we 've managed to insult vikings and the citizens of scandinavian countries in this sham , you 'd think the series would stop there , but it does n't . stockard channing 's listing in the opening credits was particularly eyebrow-raising , given that her voice is heard , and her face seen , for about thirty seconds at the most during the opening credits , making it patently transparent that more footage of hitler 's early days were shot , but not included because of a typical nanny-state fear of offending someone . it is also quite ironic that the films or miniseries which give a far better insight into hilter 's character do not feature him at all . until we learn to stop sugar-coating the truth and realise that the citizenry of germany was mostly unopposed to hitler 's views , and not necessarily through ignorance , we will never learn to deal with the fact that subversions of democracy ( yes , germany was a democracy pre-hitler ) can occur anywhere , we are doomed . that 's the one thing this mini-series got right in portraying . unfortunately , that element is lost in attempts to make hitler 's religious beliefs appear those of a much more valiant people , and the inability to scratch past the surface in any part of the subject matter . david letterman 's show had it pegged when they ran short satirical segments about the series . they really might as well have made a family sitcom with him as the star , that 's how badly it was written . all in all , this politically correct farce of a bio-pic is worth no points , but i gave it two because robert carlyle definitely deserves better material than this , and he is about the only thing in it that works .
marvin ( rob schneider ) does not have the ingredients to be a cop which is his lifelong dream . but his luck changes when he has a car crush ( a very bad one ) and is found by a doctor . the doctor has to use animal organs to rebuild him . after this moment , he starts to have wild behaviours unconsciously and becomes a best cop one could ever be . by the time , he realises the changes and his animal instincts starts to take over his human side . in the mean time , he finds a lovely girl and try to be a perfect gentleman that means he has to control himself and behave civilised . i am not a big fun of rob schneider . in fact , this is the his first film i have seen . however , i can easily say that he is the best person to play the loser . ( see his part in ally mcbeal , quite funny actually ) .there are some good parts in the movie such as his flirting with the goat . in such movies , the biggest problem is that the script is seems to make the viewer feel less intelligent . i am sure this movie is okay to watch as long as it is not taken too seriously . but very sad to see such films doing very good in the box office . the animal is not the worst film i have seen to date but fails to get more than * .
when a film has no fewer than five different titles , it usually means several things and almost always means that the film has major flaws somewhere . necromancy has major flaws and is just out and out bad . i saw the version on video called rosemary 's disciples . yes , i am sure it differs from other versions , but i am not inclined to think that in any way is any other version and the few more minutes it might have - going to be really any better . the story is perhaps the biggest problem : the film opens with laurie waking up and her husband taking her to a town where he has a new job at a toy factory for occultists ( yep , it gets bad this early ! ) . the town is called lillith and has some guy with a rifle on the bridge to make sure only those selected by the `` owner '' of the town are allowed in . soon we find that everyone living in lillith is a witch and all follow the directives of mr. cato - the head of this municipal coven who wants his dead son back ( hence the name necromancy ) . the people in the town do witch kind of stuff - have ceremonies , some like wearing a goat 's head , and promiscuity abounds ( not much really shown in this area ) , but none of these people are very good actors . mr. cato is played robustly by the figuratively and literally larger-than-life movie maverick orson welles . welles is misused , but , make no mistake , he is the best thing in this movie . and that is really the saddest part of necromancy as welles gives a pretty poor and pedestrian performance with little directorial guidance . in one scene at a party , director bert i gordon keeps going back to welles watching the action of the party using the exact same frames ! it looked ridiculous . as did the scene that was repeatedly seen over and over again of a woman 's arm centered in swirling flames after a car crash . it looked like the arm of a shop mannequin . the story is never fully utilized as we never really know what happens : many scenes are shot like dreams or hallucinations and never confirmed . this also applies to the corny , hokey ending . the lead pamela franklin is pert and pretty and has some talent . other than her performance , real slim pickings from the rest of the cast sans welles . the direction and story were both done by gordon who obviously had little gas left in the engine . this is not a good movie in any way under any name .
first of all yes i 'm white , so i try to tread lightly in the ever delicate subject of race ... anyway ... white people hating black people = bad but black people hating white people = ok ( because apparently we deserved it ! ! ) . where do i start ? i wish i had something good to say about this movie aside unintended comedy scenes : the infamous scene were ice cube and co. get in a fight with some really big , really strong , really really angry and scary looking neo-nazis and win ! ! ! the neo-nazi where twice the size : ) , and the chase ! the chase is priceless ... this is not a movie about race , tolerance and understanding , it does n't deliver ... this is a racist movie that re-affirm all the cliché stereotypes , the white wimpy guy who gets manhandled by his black roommate automatically transform in a skinhead ... cmon simply awful i do regret ever seeing it . save your time and the dreadful experience of a poorly written , poorly acted , dull and clearly biased picture , if you are into the subject , go and rent american history x , now thats a movie
a woman 's nightmares fuel her fear of being buried alive.the cheating husband wants her dead and decides to make good use of her phobia by sticking her in a coffin and leaving her in the basement.of course b-horror movie queen brinke stevens transforms into hideous ghostly creature.the only reason to see this amateurish junk flick is michael berryman in a really small cameo and two sex scenes with delia sheppard.and the last twenty minutes of brinke 's bloody rampage are quite fun to watch.the special effects for example laughable decapitated head are truly awful.better watch `` scalps '' or `` alien dead '' again.of course i ai n't expecting classy entertainment from fred olen ray , but `` haunting fear '' is too dull to be enjoyable .
ted v. mikels 's film corpse grinders 2 is 103 minutes of excruciating cinematic swill . the plot is pretty much a mixture of nonsensical business dealings among people who grind corpses into cat food while cat aliens , who are losing a war with dog aliens , looking to get some of this cat food . watching this movie , i began to look for any kind of distraction , anything to reassure myself that i was doing something else besides losing my mind from the inside out . several scenes go on for far too long , as characters take forever to do simple things . i 've heard that mr. mikels does n't like to use jump cuts too often , fearful that they will confuse his audience . i 'm not sure if this attitude is `` avant-garde '' or just `` stupid . '' try as i might , i could not bring myself to care about any of the characters in the unnecessarily huge cast , well with the possible exception of the old men who are the caretakers of the factory . the majority of the cast are a bunch of no-talent amateurs who do n't even bother to learn the lyrics to `` amazing grace '' before they have to sing it on camera . although perhaps the blame should go to the poor sound quality , since i only actually heard around 80 % of the dialogue while watching the dvd . this is quite possibly the worst film to ever be shot . i 've listened to snippets of the commentary , and mr. mikels comes off as a surprisingly sweet old man , what the hell was he doing making this kind of trash ? i 'd like to hear the explanations from the old men who had to lie shirtless on a metal conveyor belt waiting to be ground up . movies i 've long hated suddenly seem a lot better . i long for the intermittedly appropriate music of excalibur , and the consistent lighting of dawn of the dead . i need to go do something , anything . do n't see this movie .
humphrey bogart clearly did not want to be in this film , and be forced to play a part-mexican or he would have been suspended . believe me , he made the wrong choice ! presumably , after the success of `` dodge city '' , warners tried a follow-up with errol flynn and his usual list of buddies , like alan hale , guinn ( big boy ) williams , frank mc hugh and the ever-present john litel , but they made the huge mistake of trying to present miriam hopkins as a love interest for flynn v. randolph scott , and as a singer to really make things bad , because she proved one thing , and that is she can not sing . the story was not too bad , but with bogie clearly miscast also , it turned out to be a poor western that was overlong , and on a low budget , but in fairness , color would not have helped .
anna lives with her family in a new housing estate just outside the city . she has been with her husband sebastiaan for years and they do n't talk so much anymore . while on a working visit abroad , a female colleague commits suicide . anna is deeply impressed by her death , even though she hardly knew her . nobody seems to know why she took her own life . for the first time anna realizes that one can be an unknown among your most dearest . anna does n't mention the incident back home and starts observing her husband and child . guernsey is the story of a woman who suddenly starts looking at her own life . and she wonders how she got so drifted apart from the people closest to her . ( this is my translation of the dvd cover text synopsis . i hope you find it useful , as this movie does n't have an imdb plot summary yet at this date . )
these kind of movies where a psycho of one variety or another tries to damage the reputation ( and eventually eliminate altogether ) some naive person in order to take over their life . fatal attraction , pacific heights , the hand that rocks the cradle , single white female , and a thousand made-for-tv movies are some examples of this . but while a few , especially fatal attraction and pacific heights could offer at least some extremely paranoid , suspenseful characters or a few plot twists , unlawful entry plays everything by the book . and were it not for the notoriety of its stars ( kurt russel , ray liota , and madeline stowe ) , this movie would sink to mediocrity faster than a danielle steele miniseries . russel plays michael carr , an incessantly naive guy who calls on the help of a pair of officers when someone breaks into his house and tries to attack his wife ( madeline stowe ) . unfortunately , he quietly vents his anger about feeling so helpless in the situation to the wrong cop ( ray liotta ) , a typically psychopathic villain with no limits for his power . at first empathizing with carr ( probably only pretending to do so ) , the cop befriends the couple . but soon enough , the cops wants carr out of the way so , destroying the guys life nearly any way he can ( which is pretty easy when you 're a cop , and when you 're the cop who has installed the guy 's security system in his house ) in order to take over and presumably , get his wife . it seems less ends-oriented , and more like the cop just wants to prove his power . the wife is more like a trophy , in other words , than an end . and the story plays out entirely by the book , you can probably predict every occurrence before it happens on the screen if you 've seen enough of these movies . from the `` shocking '' moment our main , naive character realizes he is a victim of credit card fraud ( perpetrated by the psychopathic villain ) to the turn-around-he's-not-really-dead finale .
i saw this movie on a westbound american airlines flight . it was so bad it actually made the flight seem longer . the plot had potential ( who would n't love a movie about a woman who accidentally kills every elvis impersonator she meets ? ) but it got screwed up a million different times by really poor writing . towards the end is an embarrassingly bad scene where a gang of elvis impersonators is on the roof of a casino reshipping the sky thinking he 's going to return , then a group of stars moves together to form an `` elvis '' constellation , which promptly shoots a bolt of lightning at the impersonators , sending them crashing through the roof . bad ... really bad . which is the theme for the whole movie . i 'd avoid this one at all costs .
this movie stinks . i do n't think i have ever seen a movie so strung up on shock value . the plot was relatively interesting , but the dialog was super flat and the acting was bland . this could have been an a good movie . i think it just relied on it 's grotesque visuals . i can usually handle graphic scenes and human taboos , but it felt like miike shot it for the sake of shooting it . just one poorly executed film . there just is n't anything to be entertained by watching this film unless you are fascinated by exhausting yourself with explicit scenes of incest , pedophilia , necrophilia , rape , self milking , parental and sibling abuse , and fecal dispersement . i think i just sold the film to many of you , but i meant it when i said this stinks . he has succeeded in other films , but i think you 'd be better off watching someone pooping .
warner bros. made many potboilers in the 1930s and most of them are fast paced , economical and very entertaining . i really love how the studio exploited the less glamorous elements of our daily life . this is one of warner 's few hard-edged melodramas that simply does n't work . edward g. robinson plays a ruthless editor of newspaper who resurrects the 20-year old story of a murderess with tragic consequences . robinson gives a lively performance but he is surrounded by actors that do n't cut the mustard . h.b . warner , aline macmahon and boris karloff are good , but the bad acting of frances starr and anthony bushell in the second leads really hurts the movie . starr is particularly bad during her big dramatic scene near the end of the movie . in addition , the moralistic tone of the film seems ridiculous in the context of pre-code hollywood . leroy 's direction is full of innovative visual touches but he can not overcome the bad acting and the unintentionally funny situations . sol polito 's camera work is strong . somehow , this piece of dreck got an oscar nomination for best picture ( in a year that gave us `` m , '' `` dracula '' and `` frankenstein '' ) .
if one sits down to watch unhinged , it is probably because its advertisements , video boxes , whatever , scream that it was banned in the uk for over 20 years ( as virtually every video nasty does ) . it 's true ; exploitation and taboo excites people and draws them in with their promise of controversy . being an exploitation fan , however , none of this was new to me . the advertisements that scream that the film was banned in the uk do n't necessarily make me want to watch it ; in fact , the first thing that usually pops into my head is how disgustingly paranoid british censors are . how i came to viewing this then is simple : it promised gore and it was only $ 6.99 . the price alone alerted me not to have any hopes of this being the next halloween , but a cheap padding of your dvd collection never hurts . i did force myself , however , to watch it all in one sitting , because i find that deciding to save the rest for another day makes you even less inspired to finish it . so anyway , after 90 minutes of unhinged , i found that i had come across the cheapest sleeping aid in existence . i think the distributors could make a fortune if they simply changed their marketing technique . the layout of unhinged is of any common slasher from the 80s . there 's unnecessary shower scenes and exploitative gore . that 's about it . anyway , it starts with a group of three attractive co-eds crashing their car on the way to a concert . though two of them ( terry and nancy ) are okay , one ( gloria ) is severely injured and is out of commission for the rest of the movie . they are rescued and receive shelter at a mansion ( that happens to have no phone , of course ) with rather strange occupants : marion is a middle-aged woman with a man-hating mother who constantly accuses marion of sneaking men into the house in order to sleep with them ( echoes of psycho ? ) . she also happens to have a crazy brother carl who lives in the woods , because her mother 's hatred for men is so intense that she refuses to let him stay in the house . after hanging with marion for awhile , terry ( our `` hero '' ) and nancy decide they must contact their parents . despite everyone 's warnings , nancy braves the dangerous woods to make it to a phone ( her fate is not hard to predict ) . after that , we see gloria again , who is then promptly butchered with an ax . when terry discovers that gloria has disappeared from her room , she decides something is n't right with this picture and sets out to find her missing friends . that may be easier said than done , however , with crazy carl lurking around after viewing unhinged , i read an overwhelming number of reviews declaring that unhinged worked perfectly because it took its time to build its subject matter that created real tension by the time the moment of truth comes at the end . normally , i do not drag other people 's opinions into my reviews ( especially when they contradict my views ) , but in this case , i was so puzzled by their reactions that i thought it would be relevant to mention . this is because in actuality , the film crawls . normally for the slow-building tactic to work , the audience must have a strong sense that the characters are in danger . oh sure , we see two of them get murdered , but between that are endless scenes of conversation and boredom . we are aware that there 's a killer on the loose , but this is only focused on three times in the film ; that means there 's no reason to fear for the victims . instead , the film 's events are explained not by the actions of the characters , but are drawn out for us by perpetual talking . if there 's one thing i can assure you from watching this , it 's that scenes of characters merely conversing with each other for 75 minutes are very tedious . none of this is helped by the atrocious acting . it seems that this was another case of the director needing actors and decided to gather his friends around instead of finding anyone with experience . of course , i 'd be a liar if i said there was n't one part of the movie that i enjoyed . specifically , the ending was one of the best i 've ever seen in a slasher film ; you just do not expect that to happen . just knowing that the director had the balls to do something like that is spectacular . ah , i wo n't spoil it for you , nor will i say that the ending completely makes up for the rest of the slow-moving film , but it definitely will get your attention . other than that , the other two murder scenes bring at least some faster paced material , but it 's not like you could n't tell exactly who was going to die fifteen minutes into the film . anyone looking for a bloodbath will be disappointed , however ; those are the only scenes of gore present . that and , of course , no one scene can save an entire movie . i normally preach the doctrine that as long as there 's action , the worse a movie is , the better it gets . unhinged only grasps one part of this concept . the whole film just feels luke-warm ; there 's potential alright , but the director either was n't experienced enough to make it work or just did n't know what the hell he was doing .
when i saw this film on fearnet , i thought it would be a scary movie . apparently , it was n't . i have no clue how this movie was allowed to be featured on that site . fearnet is a site that shows scary horror movies . the acting is wonderful from all the actors . i hated the story . the story was stupid . the movie starts out with a man with a scroll with a signia stamped onto it . he breaks the seal and certain disasters happen . the water turns to blood , the oceans die out , the moon turns red , etc . the female character was annoying as well . a lot of the stuff she did did n't make sense . like when she sees a piece of paper with a date on it . coincidentally , it 's the date she 's expected to give birth to her baby and she starts freaking out about it and starts researching it and asking religious people what it all means . * spoiler alert * the two worst things happened in this movie are the execution of a mentally retarded man who claimed that god told him to murder his parents and the end where demi moore dies after giving birth to her baby and transferring her soul into it . here 's what happens . the mentally retarded person gets shot and killed and the apocalypse begins . demi moore gets into a hospital in the middle of a massive earthquake and gives birth to her child . she touches her child 's head , transferring her soul into the child and then dies . then , the apocalypse stops . why does god all of a sudden have a change of heart ? he gets furious when the governor allows the execution of a mentally retarded man then he 's all about forgiveness once a lone woman transfers her soul into her baby ? * end spoiler * the movie is pretty stupid . it 's another religious end of the world propaganda piece . the acting from demi moore and michael biehn and everybody else is excellent . that 's about all there is . i give this movie 2 stars out of 10 . good acting with a lot of nonsense !
cradle of fear this is n't a movie where intricate delicate little narrative nuances occupy our attention . this is not a film where the special effects are supposed to leave us slack-jacked uttering that sense of whoa . what it is though is a slice of lo-fi goth horror which leaves little to the imagination , created in the eyes of the director , alex chandon , as `` a throwback to sleazy '70s and '80s horror '' . this is a very visceral experience for 2 hours , where four plot lines are connected through lots of watery blood , reams of dismembered body parts and innards , tied by an intestinal thread of revenge . the purveyor of such horrific violence is dani filth , lead-singer of the metal band cradle of filth , executing a role he was destined to play . as other 's have said , there is nothing new about wanting to carryout occultist revenge . in this particular context a convicted sexual predator and murderer , kemper , the father of our devilish avenging-angel , compels his son to exact retribution on those who are some how connected to convicting him to purgatory within an insane asylum . what this provides for the chandon , who should be congratulated on also penning and editing this piece , is the opportunity to let his sick mind run free . he seems to take delight in the idea of splattering blood into the orifices of those on screen , and into every nook and cranny that can be reached . we are also treated to close-ups of skull 's being crushed , demonic rape , and other assorted imagery to engage those who relish getting up close and personal to their horror . and for some of those who closely follow these type of films , there is the odd sequence which may have you thinking , `` did i just see what i thought i did '' , because of course pretty woman this 'aint . it reminds me of some of the gore-fests created out of italian horror some 20 to 30 years ago , and a number of other works where disgusting images have left their mark but not the context in which they were viewed . story 4 of the set is particularly intriguing where the idea of ones obsession can ultimately lead to death in the pursuit of internet violence through the `` sick room '' , where the user is in control of how a life can be snuffed out . further acknowledgements should also go out to a pounding soundtrack that allows filth to exercise his daytime talent , and an effective use of drum and bass , often overlooked in film-making as a viable form of supporting visuals . using the city of london as a backdrop with real people as opposed to movie stand-ins also adds support to the commando feel of the film . ok , classic it may not be , but blood , guts , intestines , occult and demons in a slightly perverse unproblematic way it is .
i saw this recent woody allen film because i 'm a fan of his work and i make it a point to try to see everything he does , though the reviews of this film led me to expect a disappointing effort . they were right . this is a confused movie that ca n't decide whether it wants to be a comedy , a romantic fantasy , or a drama about female mid-life crisis . it fails at all three . alice ( mia farrow ) is a restless middle aged woman who has married into great wealth and leads a life of aimless luxury with her rather boring husband and their two small children . this rather mundane plot concept is livened up with such implausibilities as an old chinese folk healer who makes her invisible with some magic herbs , and the ghost of a former lover ( with whom she flies over manhattan ) . if these additions sound too fantastic for you , how about something more prosaic , like an affair with a saxophone player ? i was never quite sure of what this mixed up muddle was trying to say . there are only a handful of truly funny moments in the film , and the endingis a really preposterous touch of pollyanna . rent 'crimes and misdemeanors ' instead , a superbly well-done film that suceeds in combining comedy with a serious consideration of ethics and morals . or go back to `` annie hall '' or `` manhattan '' .
really , i ca n't believe that i spent $ 5 on this movie . i am a huge zombie fanatic and thought the movie could n't be that bad . it had zombies in it right ? was i wrong ! to be honest the movie had it 's moments ... i thought it was cool when the guy got his head ripped off but that was about it . overall i think that it would be more enjoyable to slide down a razorblade slide on my bare nutsack into a vat of vinegar then watch this movie again . the movie could have been better if we could see some boob but i had to watch the trailers for the other movies produced by this company to see that . buyer beware ... unless you are into masochism .
i watched this film alone , in the dark , and it was full moon outside ! i did n't do it in purpose , it just happened in this way . so all the elements were there for this film to scare the hell out of me ! ! well , it did n't , in fact i wanted to shut off the dvd player after only 8 minutes , but i thought come on give it a chance , unfortunately i did . the acting was awful , the only one with some decent acting was samaire armstrong . the plot is not original , if you are a horror fan then it is just the same stuff you have seen many times before . some scenes did n't make sense at all , and you just get the feeling that the director wanted to make the movie longer ! the monster was the biggest disappointment of the movie . the ( scary ) scenes looked like they belong to a horror movie from the 80s when there was not enough technology , yet some good movies were made back then ! i was surprised to see the name of a major production company at the beginning of the movie , i thought could n't they put some money in this and make it decent ? ! ! i could n't agree more with the ratings that the movie got , it is also my rating for it , 3 out of 10 .
`` ghost of dragstrip hollow '' appears to take place in a spotless netherworld , an era long gone by , where the biggest sin a kid could commit would be in defying the law and getting a traffic ticket . it opens with a young female auto fanatic getting the business from her arch rival , who pressures her into a car race . that 's about it for the drag-racing -- this b-flick is mostly concerned with rock 'n roll , man ! the folks at american international were obviously fond of decent , square teens who liked to party and yet did n't mind an adult chaperone . there are a few amusing double entendres and fruity exchanges ( necking kid : `` we thought we 'd come out for some fresh air '' ... dad : `` where did you think you 'd find it , down her throat ? `` ) , but the ghost is a little late in arriving . brief at 65 minutes , the movie cheats us with a climactic car race that actually takes place off-screen and a pre- '' scooby doo '' -styled unmasking which makes no sense . however , for nostalgia buffs , some mindless fun . * * from * * * *
if this movie were any worse , it would have been directed by uwe boll . this nonsensical mess makes ed wood look like hitchcock . it has been a while since i have seen this steaming pile , but i do remember that i wanted to do grievous bodily harm to all those involved . how anyone can give this movie any more than 1 star amazes me to the graciousness of all those that viewed this tripe . i give it one star because there is not a rating lower . all copies of this movie should be burned the ground sowed with salt and reserved as a landfill for the most toxic of waste . no , one copy should be kept under ultra hi security and shown only to film makers as an example of how not to do it .
this movie features an o.k . score and a not bad performance by david muir as dr. hackenstein . the beginning and end credits show along with the most of the actors and the `` special effects '' that this is a low budget movie . there is nothing in this movie that you could not find in other mad scientist , horror/comedy , or low budget movies . not special for any nude scene buffs or bad movie lovers either . this movie is simply here . anne ramsey and phillis diller are nothing to get excited about as well . if you are curious as i was and can actually find this , you will realize the truth of the one line summary .
i hate this movie . it is a horrid movie . sean young 's character is completely unsympathetic . her performance is wooden at best . the storyline is completely predictable , and completely uninteresting . i would never recommend this film to anyone . it is one of the worst movies i have ever had the misfortune to see .
as said before , the visual effects are stunning . they 're breathtaking . i personally use blender and graphics like that are not easy at all . but that 's all this movie is . not only is the plot confusing , but the overall conflict is not clear . for example , in the first scene , proog and emo are trying to run away from who knows what . the conflict seems to be between man and nature here . later , when they enter the room of the bottomless pit , proog explains that `` one step out of place and ( you 're dead ) '' . here , there 's a more precise conflict between the careless man and nature . as the movie progresses , it 's clear that a conflict exists between man and nature . but suddenly , a conflict exists between man and man when proog , out of nowhere , murders emo . proog immediately changes from being a caring guardian looking after a lost child to being a `` sick man '' . he betrays us . not only is this depressing , but we do n't care because the conflict between the character 's thoughts and actions is not developed . it 's not a story about someone , through struggle , emerging stronger . it 's depressing and has not point because there 's no great truth about the human soul or about the world brought to light like a great drama does . in my opinion , the movie is severely underdeveloped in all aspects . however , the graphics are stunning , but a movie is so much more than mere eye candy . there 's no truth , no struggle and a bad surprise ending . in conclusion , an underdeveloped movie without a point . ... but the graphics are good .
this movie has no plot and no focus . yes , it 's supposed to be a slap-stick , stupid comedy , but the screen-writers have no idea what the movie was about . even the title does n't go along with the movie . it should have been called `` cool ethan '' or `` cheaters never win '' or something like that . the characters are not developed and no one cares what happens to them ! the girl roommate character ( from that 70 's show ) was the only person worth watching . she was hilarious and stole every scene she was in . the others need to make sure that their own college diplomas are in the works since they 'll need a career other than acting .
before starting to watch the show , i 've heard it was great and aesthetically very interesting . what a deception , the scripts are so dumb that i am quite sure the authors are son and grandson of scoobidoo writers . and what about the sfx and colors , they are so extreme that it is painful to watch , colors are not saturated they are over saturated , like scripts are overwritten and show is overrated . this show is like a bad pie in which a child would have put only sugar and butter thinking that because these ingredients are the best , they are sufficient . unfortunately for this show , the only two ingredients of this show are finally vacuity and a total lack of credibility .
i attempted to watch this film without being able to really sit through it , for while it is suppose to have a `` good '' message ; the problem is that it is obviously produced according to one particular interpretation of scripture . an interpretation , in my opinion , will mislead a lot of people . in addition , i am a movie maniac and the acting in this film was completely unacceptable . never before had i wished for a negative score to rate a movie . so , if you wish to be preached to incessantly by those without authority , then by all means , get this film . this comment is also a warning to people who like or love scifi , because the title will deceive a lot of people as well . this was an unfortunate film , because the basic idea had possibilities and those possibilities were squandered . the film 's only redeemable quality is that it did make me realize that the character in the `` time machine '' probably should have shown a little more moral outrage at the odd behavior by those in his future .
this film is really vile . it plays on the urban paranoia of the 70s/80s and puts it into a school context . i 'm not saying that urban crime was n't a problem for a lot of people or that schools weren't/are n't problem areas but this vile piece of exploitation takes the biscuit . violence is beyond anything realistically imaginable but in this case it 's not a case of social issues but a white , upper-middle class student uses it to turn himself into the crime kingpin of his local high schoiol . and of course he knows how to play the system . does that sound familiar . yes . this turd is pure violent exploitation , a really nasty piece of work . it 's disturbing brutality dressed up as a social comment . this belongs in the same category as trash like exterminator , death wish 2-5 and so on and so on . the only remarkable thing is that michael fox was so broke at the time that he had to do stuff like this .
i would rather have 20 root canals than go through this film again . the prince of annoying , myles berkowitz , has wasted nearly two hours of my life with this piece of cynical pseudo-cool . the only amusing thing in this whole mess is mr. samaha 's obnoxious off camera patter about tits and ass . berkowitz takes a great concept and grinds it into the dust . it is choppy and badly done , in an apparent effort to make it seem edgy or funny . it is neither . i seldom feel that a movie was a waste of film ( or tape ) , but this one qualifies for that distinction . if a date suggests seeing this film , run .
i like the cast pretty much however the story sort of unfolds rather slowly . danny glover does a good job making you wonder if he 's the bad guy . meanwhile , the other characters are just part of the story . dennis quaid did n't have as much room in the story as he could have had . i thought the first scene was a bit over the top grim compared to how the story unfolded . i 'd watch it again though . i rated it a 5 ( wish i could rate it a 5.5 )
this film had so much promise . i was very excited about this film . in the end , it was laughable at best , painful at worst . the acting styles ran the gamut from really , really , flat ( the angels , the wife and daughter ) to over-animated ( casper 's character ) . i felt that the dialogue was just an attempt to transfer information to the audience instead of real people trying to talk to each other . pay special attention to the scene regarding `` the bug '' . it 's pretty much an insult to the audience 's ability to figure things out . in defense of that scene , though , it got the biggest laugh of the whole movie . i had read that they spent alot of money traveling to various overseas locations . too bad they did n't make use of it . i did n't feel like i was transported to exotic locations . anybody could insert stock footage of the coliseum in rome . however , to end on a positive note , i thought the sets were pretty good . i really liked the graphics that were displayed on the decoding computers . it is my opinion ( and that 's all it is ) that if the schmaltz factor would have been much much lower and the action factor would have been greatly increased , this film would have been good .
`` what the bleep do we know ! ? '' was one of the worst times i have spent at the movies . it was less of a movie and more of an after school special , but at the same time nothing special at all . the attempt at a narrative in which they grounded their ideas was absolutely pathetic , which almost anyone will tell you . marlee matlin in her underwear just should n't happen . i wo n't dwell on it . what i will reveal is a criticism that many are unable to formulate . this movie , while tedious , also suffered a tremendous flaw in reasoning . it was horribly contradictory because it took such a manipulative , become a creator of your life , manifestation of abundance , shoeless piece of propaganda . interconnectivity is explained as a large party of our existence . however , the movie encourages that we control our surroundings with our minds . it completely neglects that there are other people with minds that could be controlling us , which seems to be more the case . or at least the structures in which we exist greatly limit us . in this way , the movie was inappropriately solipsistic . solipsism and interconnectivity just do n't mix unless you 're god almighty . if you are , you will be impressed ( ? ! ? ) by all the neat things this movie will reveal that you can do . if not , you will be sorely disappointed , a moron , or perhaps both . also , the title is so ridiculous , i have trouble warning people not to see the movie because i feel retarded mentioning it by name . shame on everyone involved .
a fabulous book about a fox and his family who does what foxs do . that being stealing from farms and killing prey . until a trio of farmers decide they 've had enough of this fox and try in various ways to have the problem `` solved '' . they are of course `` out foxed '' at every turn and while the trio are camped out at the fox hole the family perform raids against the three farmers land . the '' film '' version , and i use the term film very loosely , is more of a god awful pastiche of american heist movies particularly the oceans movies . they they even have george clooney as mr fox to to add to the insult and manage to miss the point of the story quite completely . so kudos to them .they 'll make lots of money and destroy another classic roald dahl children book .
i really tried to like this movie . it deals with an important problem in any society : sex addiction . in this story we learn that you can lose everything when you 're addicted to sex . in this case , our main character and hero , for having non-stop sex with all kinds of women ( crazy , kinky , neurotic ) puts in jeopardy his marriage , job , and even his life . the production values are terrible ; mainly the acting . oh , you wo n't enjoy any of the sex scenes , most of them are done in very poor taste and you might think you 're watching a home made flick . second , the plot is just non sense . how could such a smart and beautiful wife stand all the nasty stuff from the husband ? how could she believe him ? ! the threesome situation is priceless and will make you chuckle for a while . also , the scene with the black movie theater attendant is just pointless and will leave you thinking `` wtf ? '' . scenes like those you will find plenty . avoid this movie . please , avoid it ; it 's not soft core , it 's not a documental , it 's not a dramatic feature . it 's a pretentious effort form a so called documentary director or whatever . only mrs. kinski 's legs on display are worth the watch . i caught it on hbo and i 'm glad i did n't spend my money on it . but those 90 minutes of my life wo n't come back .
( a possible spoiler or two ) `` soul survivors '' is quite possibly the worst theatrical released movie ever . nothing makes sense at all , there 's some plot about a girl who has strange visions of people who may or may not be dead . the entire movie is just a bunch of random shots of things that do n't really tie together , by the end of the film . tha acting is non-existent , the camera work is jerky and the script is so confusing , it just makes the movie even harder to watch . i kept waiting for something to tie the movie together but nothing came . definitely the worst film of the year . - * * * * 1/2 stars .
here we go with other slasher movie , good looking people and acting from everyone was really good ! few kids playing pranks phones calls and there parents are killed by the killer in front of the kids ! 20 years after they are still friends , they go to huge house , have fun , drugs and sex ( no nudity ) for least half a hour of the movie ! again they start making pranks phone call all over again ! and then killer comes back kills them off one by one and killer is in big black coat with axe just like urban legend movie , deaths scene really weird , really odd times too . nice slasher movie at this part would gave 7/10 but the twist at the end of the movie made the whole movie kinda of pointless the twist killed the movie for me so i going to give it 4/10
a sad , sad sight indeed is the munster 's revenge . the munsters are brought back one last time ( fred gywnne received a huge paycheck to come back to the role of herman munster ) in this made-for-tv movie about a pair of wax replicas of grandpa and herman that are robots `` terrorizing '' the city as preparation for a robbery of a mummy 's stash at an exhibit . with the police on their heels , the two elderly television icons try to find out who is actually behind the crimes in order to clear their names . we get to see them dress in drag as waitresses ( a minor highpoint in the film ) , grandpa turns into a bat with attached wire a couple times ( one time even flying to transylvania with herman somehow invoking his frequent flyer miles i guess ) , and a most annoying relative `` the phantom '' constantly sings and breaks glass ad nausium ! what is most sad is hard to pinpoint : is it that gywnne ( especially ) and al lewis look so haggard in every scene and so indifferent to the material . is it the hokey costumes of the robots that have that school production values look about them . maybe it is the ridiculous script . sid caesar 's crazy , mostly unfunny antics . or perhaps it is seeing something which brought me joy and fond memories as a child being treated to a super k-mart fashion makeover . at any even , the result is decidedly disappointing and silly even for munster standards . as for the rest of the cast , yvonne de carlo is adequate in a most vacuous role ( though showing more cleavage than usual for a woman of her years and experience ) . k. c. martell makes an ever-so-not affable eddie munster . jo mcdonell is an attractive marilyn . bob hastings as the aforementioned phantom looks and acts and speaks in the most absurd manner . the film has a real cheap feel about it even for a made-for-tv movie .
i liked how this started out , featuring some decent special-effects especially for a film 50 years old . there was some pretty impressive scenery . however , the film bogs down fairly early on with some very dumb dialog as the males all try to flirt with anne francis `` altaira morbius . '' ) viewing this in the '90s after a long absence , it was fun to see francis again , an actress who has done mostly television shows since this film was released .... and is still acting . it also was interesting to see a young-looking leslie nielsen ( `` dr. john j. adams '' ) , who i would n't have recognized had it not been for this voice i watched half of this movie before the boredom came almost overwhelming and i had a strong desire to go to sleep . i appreciated them re-doing this vhs tape in stereo . but it was a weak effort . this is one those overrated film where `` elites '' think is so `` heavy '' and `` thought-provoking . '' that 's nonsense . it only appeared `` intelligent '' because the rest of the '50s sci-fi films were so stupid ! ! some if the early scenes would have looked great on wideescreen , which i did n't have at the time of this writing . perhaps another look - this time on the 2.35:1 widescreen transfer would make me change this review .
this bogus journey never comes close to matching the wit and craziness of the excellent adventure these guys took in their first movie . this installment tries to veer away from its prequel to capture some new blood out of the joke , but it takes a wrong turn and journeys nowhere interesting or funny . there 's almost a half-hour wasted on showing the guys doing a rock concert ( and lots of people watching on `` free tv '' -- since when does that happen ? ) surely the script writer could have done something more creative ; look at how all the random elements of the first movie were neatly tied up together by a converging them at the science presentation . not in this film , which pretty much ended the bill & ted franchise . the joke was over . the grim reaper is tossed into the mix , for whatever reason . this infusion , like the whole plot , is done poorly and lacks sparks for comedy or audience involvement . there 's a zz top impression , hammered in for no reason . there 's lights , smoke , mirrors , noise . but nothing really creative or funny . skip this bogus thing .
heather graham could n't play a convincing lesbian if her life depended on it . who do the producers of the movie think they are ? the absolute worst , most unrealistic movie i 've seen in as long as i can remember . this movie is so bad that i felt compelled to sign-up on imdb and make sure the rating of this `` film '' drops . omg i 'm heather graham , i just kissed a drunk chick , so while she 's passed out i 'm really going to pace around my room for hours asking myself frantically `` what have i done ? ! '' .. jesus heather , get over it and grow up ... and i 'd like to forward that same sentiment to the idiot producers ... and while i 'm at it , instead of this movie being all about an pathetic excuse for a coming out story , perhaps it would have been more suitable to focus the plot onto a character who 's mentally unstable ... like your so-called `` lesbian '' character ... after all , i know the first time i had gay sex , when i left the next morning i jumped to the sky in excitement in the middle of the street ... honestly b * tch , get a grip ... what a joke ! and please note there are many many many more flaws and appallingly stupid aspects to this lame flick , but i 'm so sick of even thinking about it anymore . bottom line , if you 're a smart person you 'll hate this movie , and if you 're not a smart person , then you 'll love it ... it 's as simple as that .
ok , a slasher movie . a very , very stupid slasher movie . we got your stereotypical teenagers in a house thing going . we got a fbi agent that 's seen dirty harry one time too many . `` so what 's the secret .... punks ? '' we got about 4 different little camera shots and scene that make no sense at all . `` hey man , i 'm fixing the sprinklers '' ( ( that guy was my favorite part of the movie ) ) suddenly there 's a preacher tied up on a couch watching home movies , he gets killed . they follow the killer into the middle of nowhere , with no cops . suddenly she 's in a church , wearing a wedding dress . i swear this is the stupidest slasher movie i 've ever seen .
the rookie suffers from so much . there are the random musical songs interspersed through the movie , the long pointless script and enough grating slapstick to make jerry lewis blush . noonan and leavitt just do n't know when to quit . it takes a full hour before the story finally gets to the main plot and the characters are shipwrecked . then the guys start playing japanese sailors with the standard racist caricature of the day . it is a shame the funniest parts of the movie are when noonan and leavitt are playing the stupid , stereotyped japanese guys . but , it gets pretty tiring after switching back and forth between two sets of characters . then it just abruptly ends . even a naked julie newmar in a towel ca n't save this one . there is really little charm in the movie and it is over a half hour too long . the story just flounders along trying to set up funny situations and failing . stick to martin & lewis . at least deano had charm and jerry had that animated face .
in this paranoia-driven potboiler , our reporter hero battles hindersome authorities , duplicitous co-workers , renegade ufo debunkers , and silent , skulking aliens . ( though capable of mind control and zapping objects from afar , it takes three of them to operate a control panel of about two dozen buttons . ) the script clomps from event to event , leaving puzzlers aplenty . why did the aliens blind the dog ? why do they fry the soldiers with radiation when they 're only patrolling an empty landing site ? and what space dudes worth their moon cheese abduct the ugly photographer first instead of his model ? inquiring minds want to know ! writer-director mario gariazzo apparently researched his subject by skimming a stack of ufo-themed tabloids as he took in a sunn classics double feature . ( the closing screen crawl boasts that it 's based on actual events ... just like `` plan 9 ! '' ) some may feel burned by the abrupt finale , but it should still appeal to conspiracy cranks .
i went to go see this at the esquire theatre in cincy , oh , and - i hate my life now . christopher reeves would have been a more believable boxer . as a film it was painful , but seeing bret carr in person was to see desperation at its pinnacle . my favorite part of the movie was seeing bc slammed in the face with what appeared to be a `` c '' battery . the jury is still out on this . it was from a dildo and it was in slow-mo . yep . `` shoot the left side of the face only ... people become famous by demanding things ! '' - bret carr b. carr donned a chicken suit for a bit of reverse psychology , roaming the streets of clifton bashing his own film . he should . this is correct to bash the film . my soul felt chafed after this movie . bret carr is not charismatic enough to be the leader of a cult , or smart enough for that matter . that is the feeling you get from the what the bleepesque trickle of brainwashed , impressionable neo-yuppies that came to see this bret carr piece of work . it 's an emotionally draining experience just thinking about writing about this film , so goodbye . -anonymous
this wilfully bizarre adaptation of borges short story is typical cox . his strong visual sense is , as usual , undone by the appalling half baked acting of most of the cast . the film is definitely in the surreal tradition of bunuel 's mexican period , and looks at times like a poor man 's take on lars von trier 's elements of crime . cox 's apparent preference for single takes , jump cuts , and ambient sound recording all work against the film 's effectiveness . worth a look but ultimately disappointing .
this is only a response to the yahoo who says this movie is more realistic than the classic , genre defining masterpiece , jaws . yes , brainiac , great whites ( and other species of shark , bull , black-tip , oceanic white-tip , tiger ) have been known to populate areas where easy prey is found . humans do n't often make it onto that menu , granted , but the shark in the film was repeatedly pointed out to be exhibiting abnormal behavior . it 's not like it 's never happened . the odds of a killer whale destroying nearly a whole town , singling out a human nemesis , sinking several dozen thick hulled north atlantic fishing boats and knowing when certain people , all friends of the aforementioned `` nemesis '' , are close enough to the water for it to reach , are so slim as to be laughable . much like this turd of a jaws knock-off . laughable . great white sharks are also known to frequently chew on boats , protective underwater cages and people on rafts and surfboards , as they look like seals from below . a shark the size of bruce ( if you do n't know , look it up ) would be more than capable of sinking a boat like the orca ( hey ! that 's the name of the blatant rip-off we 're discussing ! ) , as it would weigh upwards of 6,000 lbs . i could go on , but i do n't need to . jaws is amazing ( better acting , better effects , better music , better writing ) , orca is crap ( blatant rip-off of jaws , lousy writing , abominable effects , most ridiculous plot this side of an olson twins flick ) . it does n't take a masters from columbia university to see that . watch better movies .
wow ... sheer brilliance . turning a thriller/suspense/horror into comedy . after watching this , i never laughed so hard at a horror movie before ... a ridiculous plot with 3 characters that were just insanely developed - either not written in depth or too much depth . if you want to watch an absolutely written horror movie with stupid dialog , messed up plot , useless scenes , wasted characters , bad sound and lousy development overall , then this is the one to watch . be sure to keep focused for the classic `` food processor '' scene and the totally inept police investigation scenes . this is a remarkable new low in screen performance and writing and to sit through it for the entire duration makes you either stupid , daring or brave .
in a way , corridors of time is a success story because the movie reaches its goal : being seen by thousands . but it fails at making them laugh ... les visiteurs has had its success , because the subject was an original way of considering the time travel : forget about zemeckis 's back to the future , here comes the old france , the middle-age knight and its nearly barbaric way of life . full of pride , funny thanks to the ancient words he uses , montmirail can sometimes be disgusting but he keeps his honor . then comes the sequel . nobody had foreseen the tremendous success of les visiteurs , the first . and it 's no use being a movie expert to realize that the corridors of time has been made for money . the general story begins after the end of les visiteurs , and immediately tries to justify the sequel with a time paradox that would have needed some second tought . explanation : it 's no use trying to get back the jewelry jacquouille has stolen ; do n't you remember this nice red shiny and expensive car he bought at the end of the 1st episode ? where do you think he found the money ? selling the jewelry ... and that 's only one of many holes poiré tries to avoid ... and fails . let 's have a look at the characters : montmirail does n't change , he 's just a little more boring . regarding frenegonde ... that 's another story : valérie lemercier decided not to compromise herself in this sequel to avoid getting stuck in the bourgeoise role . and muriel robin tries to imitate her in a way that i found so pitiful i nearly felt pain for her . and poiré does n't realize that a cast of humorists is n't enough to make a good comedy . forget about the time travels , about the digital effects , concentrate on the story and you 'll see that there 's enough room on a mail stamp to write it 10 times . the main interest of this film is the landscapes . a movie for youngsters , let 's say up to 13 years old .
i imagine that the young people involved in the making of `` necromancy '' ( aka `` the witching '' plus a bunch of other titles ) must have felt a little weird being on the set of a horror movie with the man who : participated with john houseman in the production of a proletarian play ( `` the cradle will rock '' ) ; scared people into thinking that aliens were invading ( `` the war of the worlds '' ) ; and directed and starred in the greatest movie of all time ( `` citizen kane '' ) . and now orson welles was starring in a third-rate flick about a satanic cult . there 's basically nothing creative about this movie . lots of nudity , but the background music always proves really distracting . even if the movie was n't particularly predictable , it still was n't worth seeing . how low welles had sunk . fortunately , over the final thirteen years of his life , he narrated the documentary `` bugs bunny superstar '' ( about the warner bros. cartoons of the 1940s ) and hosted the documentary `` the man who saw tomorrow '' ( about nostradamus ) . i recommend those two , but not this one . just avoid it . also starring pamela franklin and michael ontkean .
the film `` 52 pick up '' simply does not work . see it if you are at all interested in elmore leonard or john frankenheimer , or anyone in the terrific cast , especially john glover who 's admittedly brilliant . but the book -- a slow-burning , noir thriller with lots of pulp -- should have translated into an oscar-contending film instead of this dud that could n't figure out whether it should faithfully portray the hard-boiled , gritty crime story of the book , or opt for a 1980s schwarzenegger shoot-em-up spree . shifting the scene from the original locale in the book , detroit ( an area where leonard has resided for years and knows very well ) , to los angeles makes for a substantial problem that leonard tries to fix in his script , but ultimately ca n't . it was , for example , a clever device making mitchell 's wife a city councilwoman ( she had no job in the book ) , if you think about it : that 's the only way you could ever plausibly blackmail someone in a sex-crazed city like 1980s los angeles for adultery , or any type of potential sex scandal . even then , it 's more plausible in a more conservative eastern state like michigan to believe that a ) its tiny porno `` industry '' is a sleazy , money-grubbing hell where three losers could desperately set up a not-so-stupid upper-middle-class fellow going through a mid-life crisis , and b ) adultery alone might be something you could blackmail someone with , if their upstanding careers and old-fashioned wives could n't handle the shock . as consultant ron jeremy will tell you , 1980s los angeles was a colorful , stylish porno mecca , more like the movie `` boogie nights '' than leonard 's dark , shadowy world of hijacked tourist buses , grimy apartments , and drug deals in depressed urban squalor . then again , los angeles could be the backdrop of such a tale if one arranged the scenery more carefully -- there are still plenty of dark crannies and psychopaths there . unfortunately , roy scheider 's harry mitchell comes off in the film as a sexy , handsome uebermensch dancing through his problems without even working up a sweat . in the book he was fending off a jerk union official while struggling with a business that was failing . he also had a skeleton in the closet during the war involving friendly fire that he was responsible for , but never appeared to come to grips with . elmore leonard 's stories usually have a central image involving a bizarre civility between criminal and law-abiding citizen . here , harry mitchell sitting in his office with his blackmailer , alan raimy , turning over his financial books to him and negotiating a more practical ransom , makes for such a central image . glover 's blackmailer plays the scene with convincing intelligence , but scheider portrays the victim here as a cocky `` good guy , '' in charge of the situation as if he were more a rambo with an m-16 than the everyman barely staying afloat as his world crumbles around him . `` 52 pick up '' ends with one of the worst throwaway conclusions ever , considering all the thought that went into the original story and then the film . trapping raimy inside mitchell 's jaguar and blowing him up with marching band music blasting out along with a sadistic monologue by mitchell , plays to an audience wanting the `` sweet revenge '' conclusion of a chuck norris movie , not the intelligent balanced world of leonard 's book , where mitchell barely escapes in the end and the conflict between good and evil could easily go either way . i left the theater shaking my head and depressed . what a waste of talent .
why do people who do not know what a particular time in the past was like feel the need to try to define that time for others ? replace woodstock with the civil war and the apollo moon-landing with the titanic sinking and you 've got as realistic a flick as this formulaic soap opera populated entirely by low-life trash . is this what kids who were too young to be allowed to go to woodstock and who failed grade school composition do ? `` i 'll show those old meanies , i 'll put out my own movie and prove that you do n't have to know nuttin about your topic to still make money ! '' yeah , we already know that . the one thing watching this film did for me was to give me a little insight into underclass thinking . the next time i see a slut in a bar who looks like diane lane , i 'm running the other way . it 's child abuse to let parents that worthless raise kids . it 's audience abuse to simply stick woodstock and the moonlanding into a flick as if that ipso facto means the film portrays 1969 .
a surprising misfire from the usually reliable larry cohen ( god told me too , q , etc . ) , full moon high tries so hard to be funny and fails miserably , even with decent turns by ed mcmahon ( ! ) and kenneth mars . alan arkin looks embarrassed throughout his performance and son adam simply looks numb . this makes teen wolf look like a comedy classic .
christopher lee is one of my favorite actors ! i 'm trying to view all of his work . he has been known to single-handedly save movies with his presence . unfortunately , this is not one of them . this movie suffers from a low budget and it 's production values are disturbing . please ... for the love of christopher .... avoid this film !
one of those el cheapo action adventures of the early 1980s that used to fill video rental stores solely to be taken out by adolescent boys in the hope of a cheap thrill . woeful down market attempt to cash in on the death wish phenomenon by substituting a moderately attractive woman for the visually challenging bronson . acting is terrible , sets are cheap , the baddies are , well , bad . identification with any of the characters is unlikely . only redeeming feature is modest amount of gratuitous female nudity , a smattering of which is full frontal . other than that , you can leave it ...
the past creeps up on a rehab-addict when he reconnects with his ill brother and a former girlfriend after what he hopes was his last stint in detox . `` life 's dramas '' , presented here in the most simplistic way imaginable ( not even the writing has any bite or wit ) . the cast is made up of attractive looking actors smiling glumly at one another , and the music and photography are lugubrious ( a couple of the visual effects are laughable , indie-cliché touches that reek of a puny budget ) . although written and directed by a man , this was produced by a woman , and i 'm not sure but i think this may be a distinct reason why this picture about two men , estranged brothers growing closer , never quite gels , never feels natural or seems lived in . it 's an attempt to get inside a male relationship , but the careful , sterile presentation is a cheat . no one 's heart is in this , living , breathing , or bleeding this material . `` the perfect son '' is quickly diffused by too many cooks in the kitchen .
so i 'm looking to rent a dvd and i come across this movie called 'end game ' . it stars james woods and cuba gooding jr and has the synopsis of a taught political thriller . well worth a look then . or so i thought . boy , was i wrong . end game has just about the most ridiculous plot i have ever had the displeasure of enduring . now being something of a whodunnit , i ca n't really tear into it as i would like without 'ruining ' it for those who have yet to experience this monstrosity . but questions such as 'why has he/she/they done this ? ' , and 'where on earth did they get the resources to pull this off ? ' are all too abundant following the film 's unintentionally hilarious conclusion . as for the acting - you know those films where you can almost feel that an actor 's realised that they 've made a terrible mistake in signing on for a movie , and this then shows in their performance ? this is one of those . accompany this with a laughable script and seriously flawed , irritating direction and you have the recipe for cinematic poison . of course , this did n't make it to the cinema , and for the same reason you should not allow it into your living room ; it is appalling .
hollywood now has officially gone too far and i really hope that this travesty of a motion picture creates a genuine backlash against their crap machines , in spite of the good box office returns . if you are an industry person reading our comments looking for hints on what to do next , stop . stop making our tv shows into these repellent , stupid , money grubbing waste of time movies that suck . by doing so you are proving one thing : hollywood is out of ideas , and going to see the movies they churn out only perpetuates the cycle of disgust . what 's next -- you guys gon na go & ruin the bionic man ? ? the film is just plain wrong , and manages to get the most stupid , simple fact of the show totally incorrect by forgetting ( or ignoring ) that tom wopat & john schneider 's bo & luke duke were * reformed * moonshiners . they had been busted , learned their lesson , gone straight , and were there to help people and be good neighbors who just happened to shoot dynamite tipped arrows from hunting bows & drive like steve mcqueen . denver pyle 's uncle jessie was also the moral center of the family , always insisting that the boys do good , even at their own expense or embarrassment while he made sandwiches and coffee for when the chores were done . they always did the right thing and had a sort of earnest naiveté about them that was quite appealing . we wanted to be more like them than we were , sorta . my favorite gimmick from the show was how they always buckled their seat belts before roaring off , which was apparently too moral for this film . by transforming the duke family into a pack of leering , wisecracking , criminally minded , redneck baiting , misogynistic losers the movie has no moral standpoint , where the show was all about how honest or incorruptible the dukes were -- are the duke boys in this movie supposed to come off as good guys ? i wanted to punch them both in the nose . they seem to have a lot of free time on their hands that could be spent doing chores back at the farm and end up pursuing less than noble ends , if not acting like a pair of 14 year old boys who have n't grown up . there should be no marijuana use , no gawking at buxom , nubile coeds & their breasts , no shenanigans involving the brothers in da hood . all of it looks like the work of a marketing consultant who took a poll at the mall of what 14 year old boys like to see in movies . the problem being that 14 year old boys can not possibly remember the show , imho should n't be seeing this movie either , and the parents who might feel nostalgia for the show will be disgusted by what the writers , director & producers did to our collective memories just to part us from our money , which is exactly how i feel . what were they thinking ? ? ? and boy did they * ever * get daisy wrong . jessica simpson all dolled up like a pamela anderson mall slut may be the only reason for anyone to see this disgrace , but you can service your needs just fine downloading some promotional stills of her , printing them up & pinning them to the wall in a restroom . she is hardly in the film at all ( which is the movie 's only saving grace ) , and the ten minutes or so they used her was still excessive . catherine bach 's daisy may have had the same kind of shorts , and long legs that make people feel funny just looking at her , but the daisy she played was a * person * . the pratfalls she elicited by simply being who she was had an almost natural ring to it . she remains one of the most outrageously sexy pop culture icons ever created but there was somebody at home . and most importantly she was a sweet , caring person who could n't help it if the guys went ga ga over her . by contrast , jessica simpson appears phony , contrived , made up , costumed , posed , aloof , bored , out of place , and i do n't think she even looks that great in the outfit . she does n't look like a person but a plot device , conjured up during a deal with someone representing her agent . ms. simpson would be well advised to fire that person immediately and pretend like the whole thing never even happened . whatever the joke was , she is n't in on it and is disgracefully exploited for t & a . if that 's all she wants from her career , executive produce the sequel if only to ensure yourself enough screen time at least , because this effort was just pathetic . the bottom line is skip it . for the cost of two tickets and a slurpee to go you can pick up one of warner bros. excellent box set collections of the original shows on dvd and the entire family can watch them together . that was why it worked . the only real purpose i can see in the film might be it 's future use as an interrogation tool at guantanamo bay . twenty minutes of this & they 'll be singing a choir . 1/10 , and i mean it . and stay the hell away from the bionic man , you schnooks .
after just 15 minutes into this film , i began to miss zhang yimou 's earlier , more weighty films that looked at the politics and society of china from unique perspectives . his turn to martial arts films was a serious misstep in my humble opinion . hero was his worst film since operation cougar , with a needlessly complex story and acting more wooden than that found in a john agar film . shi mian mai fu is no different . as an american who has been studying chinese films for a few years now ( and understands and can speak some mandarin ) , i 'm sure my opinion is different from many others as i 'm coming from a different background . smmf , like hero , is not really a traditional a kung fu film , and it 's certainly not a wuxia pian film . there are no sword & sorcery or chivalry elements here . this is a completely different vehicle than infinitely more watchable films such as a chinese ghost story ( all 3 ) , the butterfly murders , green snake , et al . while those all featured charismatic leads who looked like they were actually enjoying what they do , smmf features bland , and sometimes laughable , dialogue combined with cardboard acting . zhang ziyi plays a blind person about as well as ben affleck . there 's an air of superiority with this film that 's really quite insulting . it takes itself so seriously , it just becomes a huge joke by the end . all the actors look as though this is the most important piece of celluloid in history , they destroy any chance of actually conveying emotions , and the complete humorlessness of it really makes you wonder if zhang yimou was making a film per se , or simply a showcase ( i.e . an `` ego booster '' ) for zhang ziyi . the camera is literally making out with her face and she gets sexually assaulted not once but twice in the film . her acting range really has n't extended past her ability to play a naive `` w '' itch . she 's so concentrated on her acting , she comes across as cold and lifeless , as though she 's reading her lines from a notecard . it 's so funny to hear american critics and film people ( like the completely clueless quentin tarantino ) call this film a masterpiece . i guess if they see a bunch of asian actors on screen looking really important while flying through a bamboo forest , they 're tricked into thinking it 's brilliant film-making . ching siu tung 's choreography , while still retaining his trademark style , editing , and postures , lacks the vitality and originality of his earlier films like a chinese ghost story , dragon inn , and duel to the death . sadly to say , the wirework in this film is really subpar , and if there 's subpar/obvious wirework , then you probably should n't have filmed it at high speed . the same goes for the special effects which have a distinct b-movie feel to them . beans , daggers , bowls , arrows , swords , and other random objects fly through the air ( after being thrown ) with no regard for logic , turning , climbing , and banking as though there 's a little pilot inside . i know that logic does n't really hold a place in stylized chinese martial arts films , but if you do n't want to induce a mass amount of giggling from your audience , then you should probably work on your compositing a bit more . mass melodrama , unintentionally funny dramatic moments , boring fight scenes , really uninspired plot twists are what await you with shi mian mai fu . it 's obvious that zhang yimou is no longer making movies for chinese audiences . this is meant to crack into the western market just as cthd did . after watching hero and smmf , i 've come to the conclusion that if zhang yimou wants to make hollywood films , he 's definitely off to the right start . smmf is basically the phantom menace of chinese martial arts films . and i thought hero was bad .
val kilmer , solid performance . dylan mcdermott , solid performance . josh lucas , solid performance . three very engaging actors giving decent performances . the problem is , who cares about the plot ? john holmes . infamous for his well-endowments , a drug addict , and a guy who , despite contracting aids , continued to make adult films , just does not make an intriguing character . the story surrounds the events leading up to and the aftermath of a vicious mass murder that occurred in the late 80 's in los angelos to which holmes was linked , arrested and charged with murder , and who ultimately was acquitted . just like in the case of o.j. , the guilt factor , regardless of the outcome , ranged quite high in the `` he did it '' zone . there is no one to sympathize with in this film , as everyone is a self-serving criminal . there is just nothing remotely interesting here .
as a huge fan of only the first 2 seasons of bsg and the stand alone feature bsg razor i was hoping that this release would return the franchise to its original glory days . usually i have no problem with science fiction that is mostly dialog driven as opposed to a visual bonanza of special effects . if the script is tight with some original ideas delivered by good actors one can create a profound film with little cgi money spent . this prequel has none of those aforementioned requirements going for it . the virtual reality world created by the terrorist teenagers was both ridiculous & unbelievable . this scene was simply put there to raise the release rating to restricted . not that teens do n't love virtual reality mosh pits filled with sex & violence & heavy dance music . its the part about those same teens having the intellectual depth & reason or political & religious passion as to create such futuristic software or become suicide bombers that perplexes me . these kids are definitely not from this planet . the movie plays out like a soap opera with only the last 10 minutes being slightly interesting . the scene with eric stolz giving his cyborg a devine conscienceness via the student firmware upgrade was amusing if not entertaining . but this old concept was far better portrayed & much more believable in the brilliant , classic original `` frankenstein '' with boris karloff . caprica rips off its only interesting idea from an old hollywood horror film . no surprise there ! overall this movie was bland & unoriginal & cheap looking , using recycled cgi of caprica from bsg . i doubt i 'll be watching this space soap when it premieres on the sci-fi channel . unless of course i happen to be suffering from a bad bout of insomnia at which time this show would definitely be the cure . zzzzzzzz
this film is about a family trying to come to terms with the death of the mother/wife by moving to genova , italy . the plot of `` genova '' sounds promising , but unfortunately it is empty and without focus . the film only consists of a collection of scenes depicting the daily life of the family , such as swimming , taking piano lessons or cooking eggs . most of such scenes are redundant and tiresome , completely failing to engage viewers emotionally . the ending is very disappointing as it is not spectacular , moving or emotional . i can safely say that i am disappointed and bored by `` genova '' the only thing good about the film is the sunny weather and the beauty of genova . `` genova '' can serve as an extended tourism advertisement for the city , but not as a film to be enjoyed .
now is n't it ? considering all the good work done by danzel , clive and jodie , the movie never grew into something more than a horrible die-hard/heist movies copycat . yes a couple of jokes , no absolutely no unpredictable twists , to be honest the only unpredictable moments are there because both director and editor made some stupid mistakes , it is a shame for them and a waste of time for us . if someone can tell me why on earth were they digging a hole inside that safe , who the hell is the rebe and how on earth did they know that the diamonds were in the particular cell , it could just make my day , but it seems that spike asks us to take too much things in this one for granted , and do not raise our eyebrows when something looks stupid ... its just another studio contract movie relax and enjoy ...
the movie `` slugs '' is unique because the titular vermin are actually the good guys in this horrific tale of nature gone awry . you see , these poor slugs have been mutated through the pollution of evil humans and do n't mean to do anything malicious , they 're just slugs- slugs with sharp teeth who eat flesh and excrete poison , but slugs none the less . the real bad guys are the humans , who either actively try to destroy our beloved slugs , or overreact when they encounter them . for example , take the scene where the guy puts on the glove full of slugs . they were just hanging out in a comfortable work glove when out of nowhere this giant hand came at them , and they reacted instinctively , defending themselves and biting the guy . now , instead of seeking medical attention for his slug bite , this guy runs around his greenhouse screaming like an idiot , spills some highly volatile chemicals , starts a fire , knocks a bookcase over on himself , and cuts off his own hand- then the fire and volatile chemicals mix and his house explodes . how can you blame that on the slugs ? this movie paints a portrait of humans that is less than favorable . the characters in this movie include the dumb sheriff who hates everybody , the drunk hick who 's mean to his dog , and the lumpy sidekick whose wife is at least forty-five years older than him . there 's also a set of drunken teens that get attacked while copulating , and we have to see the skinny long-haired freaks ' genitals . meanwhile , there 's a guy who looks like a demonic leslie neilson who yells `` you do n't have the authority to declare happy birthday ! '' for some reason . finally , this parade of loathsomeness is rounded out by the guy from the mst3k classic `` pod people '' whose face explodes after eating a slug-laces salad ( another easily avoided fate blamed on the helpful , harmless slugs ) . humans are portrayed as greedy , stupid , racist , alcoholic , and , in one pointless scene , as would-be rapists . in the movie 's climactic scene , the villainous humans try to burn the slugs who are cowering helplessly in the sewers , well , since they 're idiots , the humans succeed in blowing up the entire town . they alone do more damage than the slugs ever did ! if you hate humans , and i know i do , you 'll appreciate `` slugs '' . if you 're a fan of bad cinema , you 'll also appreciate this crapfest from the director of `` pieces '' and `` pod people '' . there 's enough bad acting , silly dialog , illogical plot twists , lame special effects , pointless scenes , and poor dubbing to hold your attention .
this apocalyptic zombie film tries to be vicious and shocking ; but feeding the masses comes off lame as some of the stiff-legged zombies stalking the streets . in rhode island , a zombie epidemic known as the lazarus virus is being played down by the government manipulated newspapers and television stations . a couple of brave , but dumb , souls at channel 5 tv news feels its audience is being given false hope and no idea of the real danger at hand . an eager reporter ( racheal morris ) and her cameraman ( william garberina ) , with the aid of a military escort ( patrick cohen ) , risk life and limb to present a 'live ' broadcast to show the doom at hand . do yourself a favor and do n't watch . this thing is obviously very low budget and comes across with the feel of a high school play gone bad . acting is atrocious and the flesh-hungry zombies are almost comical . also appearing are : michael propster , william decoff and brenda hogan . feeding the masses should be left to starve .
i 'm sorry but this is just awful . i have told people about this film and some of the bad acting that is in it and they almost do n't believe me . there is nothing wrong with the idea , modern day japanese troops get pulled back in time to the days of busido warriors and with their modern weapons are a match for almost everything . when the troops first realise something strange is happening does every single person in the back of the transport need to say `` hey my watch has stopped '' ? imagine lines like that being repeated 15+ times before they say anything else and you have the movie 's lack of greatness in a nutshell .
visually interesting , but falls flat in the originality department . this tedious excercise in technique wears thin after the opening battle . jude law has the charisma of burnt toast , but in his defense this film contains some of the worst dialogue i have ever seen on the big screen . in fact the script is so poor that it keeps taking you out of the film , and had me thinking about work , bills , my dogs , etc . there are many moments that scream bluescreen . paltrow is as wooden as they get . this could of been saved by snappy film noir dialogue or over the top camp . my only complaint on the technique is that black & white film ( sorry , computer ) would of helped because it looks like turner colorized black and white . just a big dull cliché mess . i would rather break my femur than sit through this endurance test again .
two years ago at sundance i loved josh kornbluth 's directing debut-haiku tunnel . so i was looking forward to his brother ( and frequent collaborator ) jacob 's , the best thief in the world . this is a drama about a seemingly good kid growing up in a lower-class area of new york . the movie is not without its poignant moments . but at times it is as if kornbluth is working way too hard to state the obvious : life can be very difficult for some people . and life is n't fair . more subtle , and more important , is our understanding that despite all of these somewhat abhorrent cultural underpinnings and the anti-social behavior they may spawn , these characters have no shortage of goodness and humanity . we can recoil at their language and their living conditions , but we are can not discount their intent . and in fact , their struggles to maintain a family under such adversity has a certain nobility that most of us can barely appreciate . kornbluth grew up in this neighborhood , and his compassion for the people is evident throughout . having said all this , the best thief in the world suffers from many painful flaws ( including the title ) . the characters are n't very believable . the writing is uneven . and the plot-line is barely discernible . and for many the most disturbing is that kornbluth uses two young black boys mimicking gangsta rap between scenes . to each his own : but while i do n't question the potential realism of this phenomenon , it pains me to see 5-year-old children mf'ing and talking about having sex with a line-up of women . it 's unnecessary shock value and is a forced bit of borrowed interest .
ok , i first saw this movie like at 9:00 on cinemax a few weeks ago and thought it would be award winning , boy was i 180d on that . this movie bit the big one . i mean , the mother of the monsters shows her true form only at the end of the movie . i 'm going `` that 's it ? why does n't she show it briefly a little bit more earlier in the movie . '' the plot being the mother and son feast on the blood of young women . would n't it be better if they just went on , you know , a killing spree killing like a couple of young women each , then having the sheriff or a cop find out about and get into the old find a way to kill the monsters , save the young woman/women , and have 1 or 2 more people killed in the process ? i think it would be a hell of a lot better that way . it also sucks because the son is the main character and he gets killed first . why not get rid of the mother first ? plus , how does she have that strength at the end of the movie when she starts killing people ? she said it herself she was too weak . what the heck was wrong with stephen this time ? i can never , ever dis the acting on any movie by any actor , after all , they try their best . if it were n't for good acting , i 'd have given this movie a 1/10 . 3/10 .
i 'd never heard of this , then found out it 's the man with the deadly lens , which i 'd heard of but not seen . connery 's presence drove me to buy it , and it 's not good . it wants to be a sort of cross between dr strangelove and mash , but it just is n't that funny , unless you find the name general wombat ( ? ) funny . it comes across as a flat 70s thriller until the last ten minutes , when it springs to life . there are many , many flat scenes in the whitehouse between the president and his aides which do n't work . it 's almost as if the initial cut was too long , and the first half was edited down to get to the whole nuclear bomb ransom storyline and the suicide bomber attacks , which i think are meant to be played for laughs , but again , are n't that funny . the location filming is excellent but the studio stuff looks like cheap tv . i could not believe the man responsible for key largo , crossfire and elmer gantry did this . only laugh : connery throws away his wig before putting on his helmet and jumping out of a plane . it makes never say never again look like genius .
next to the slasher films of the 1970s and 80s , ones about the walking dead were probably the second most popular horror sub-genre . while slasher films had 'black christmas ' and 'halloween ' to get the whole thing going , zombie flicks had george romero 's 'dead ' films . and unsurprisingly soon after the success of his first two in the series , other directors wanted to cash in . a lot of italian directors were especially interested , such as lucio fulci who brought us 'zombie ' a year after romero 's 'dawn of the dead ' , known as 'zombi ' in italy and some other countries , and it was there that fulci 's film was known as 'zombi 2 ' . apart from the walking dead it has no relation to romero 's film , but is a good film in it 's own right . it was a big success in europe and 9 years later a sequel was born . pros : lots of beautiful , lush scenery . awesome score . the acting is n't exactly good , but the cast is game and seem to be enjoying the experience . after kind of a slow start , the pace moves along like that of an action flick . plenty cheese and unintentional hilarity for bad film lovers . good job on the make-up effects . lots of blood and some decent gore . cons : virtually plot less . nothing you have n't already seen before . blatantly rips off some things from the first couple of 'return of the living dead ' films . cardboard characters . has n't aged too well due to the bad 1980s rock music ( not that i 'm saying all rock music of that period is bad ) , clothing , and overall feel of the movie . final thoughts : first of all , this is not a true sequel to fulci 's cult classic . in fact , i do n't know if it was ever meant to pick up where that film left off . for those that do n't know , fulci was ill during production and ended up leaving and was replaced with bruno mattei . mattei 's films are pretty laughable , but like this film many are good campy fun . and that 's all this film really is , just something to watch for fun . my rating : 3.5/5 ( so-bad-it's-good rating ) 2/5 ( serious rating )
i have to say this is an awful movie , for the mere fact that when you see this movie on the guide , it is listed as a documentary . as i watched it , i started laughing , thinking to myself , does this guy actually expect me to believe this is real ? so i had to look it up , and now see that it is a movie , but now since it is n't a documentary , it is now a movie with bad acting . so , either way , it is pretty bad . i actually did n't make it to the end . i had to shut it off . i am a nyc police officer , and felt that someone was trying to mislead people into thinking this is a documentary , with the intentions of making money off of a terrible day for me and my coworkers . so , i took it a little personal . maybe i was blinded by that , and it is n't as bad as i personally think it is . everyone has their own opinion .
i really have problems rating this movie . it is directed brilliantly , there is obviously a lot of money in it . gere and danes are intense ( although her screen personality could use a bit more defining and spicing up ) , editing and cinematography are excellent . on the other hand , it is one of those really really sick movies where one can not help but wonder whether the director himself likes to stage specific scenes , and , yes , one can not help but wonder how many copycats will such a movie inspire . in purely artistic terms , it is a 9 , but i really have to ask myself who these people are giving their money to produce such a movie ....
first of all , this movie is n't a complete disaster . if you had never heard of the real story of gram parsons then it might seem a reasonably entertaining diversion . johnny knoxville ca n't really be criticised for his performance as phil kaufman - he 's pretty good at looking laid-back and down to earth and you can sort of root for his long-suffering everyman . michael shannon is due credit for pretty much the same reasons , except he 's a hippy stoner . there are some good individual comedic scenes - the hippy-hearse crashing into the airport hanger door stands out . but that 's where the good things end , and we begin to see the aspects that make this movie so truly disappointing . the character of robert forster as gram 's actual father is an invention so disgraceful as to cast a taint over the entire film . we all know his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that could surely be compared to gram 's life on the edge by a better film-maker . having forster as his supposed real father , and not his step-father would be bad enough , if not for the well known difficulties gram had with the man who actually flew to collect his body . it has been suggested that his step father had admitted to providing gram 's mother with alcohol as she lay dying and that this enraged gram when he later found out about it . also the controversy over where gram 's body was buried would surely be reason enough not to invent a benevolent made-up father who actually catches up to the duo and their hearse , but then allows them to go ahead with the burning . whatever the truth about the man who gram got the name parsons from , he certainly bore no resemblance to forster 's character here , and it is hard to see why this role was written . then there 's the addition of christina applegate as a greedy chick ( yet very pretty of course ) who wants gram 's body back so that she can begin to cash in on his estate . her character , and her acting are non-existent and one wonders why the director did n't just go the whole hog and include a lesbo scene between her and the chick who plays kaufman 's girlfriend ( it would n't have lowered the tone a whole lot more ) . when you think of the ingredients that could have been used in a good movie about parsons , the shortcomings of this film are easily apparent . country music being changed by a young , polite , southern gentleman - who was also long haired , drug loving , popular with the ladies and ultimately self destructive . real events like the hanger door crash and the painted hearse and friends like keith richards . instead of these things we have to concentrate wholly on kaufman 's input into gram 's life . kaufman is obviously still lapping up the cult status he received for what he did ( he certainly is a little cult ) . from interviews it is obvious that he 's delighted with the attention . remember this is the man who made a remark about the genitalia of the naked corpse of gram parsons as he was preparing to set it alight . what he did was not an act of great loyalty , but a doped up alcoholic escapade . looking at knoxville and the director in interviews , a few things become clear also . it 's obvious that they have no real grasp of the story of gram 's life , nor do they wish to have . they want a hit movie about an event that is infamous and crazy . it was an amazing life with a strange end . that the end is the only thing covered by this movie shows how limited an understanding of gram parsons the makers had .
the twilight zone has achieved a certain mythology about it -- much like star trek . that 's because there are many devoted lovers of the show that no matter what think every episode was a winner . they are the ones who score each individual show a 10 and can not objectively evaluate the show . because of this , a while back i reviewed all the original star trek episodes ( the good and the bad ) because the overall ratings and reviews were just too positive . now , it 's time to do the same for the twilight zone . while i have scored many episodes 10 , this one gets a 3 simply because it was bad . the writing was in fact embarrassingly bad . two people from opposing sides in a great war are seen wandering about through the entire episode . after a while , it 's apparent that they are the only two people left on earth -- as you learn in the really stupid and totally unconvincing conclusion . usually the twist at the end makes the episode great -- this one killed it !
the above seemed a much more appropriate title when me and my suicidal underlings decided to watch this masterpiece of modern bullshit erotic , scary , suspenseful , well thought out , these are all the things this film fails to be . it is however incredibly funny , the slow sound effects and bad dubbing add to this to make one of the greatest comedies i have seen in recent years . and yet this film does n't even try to be funny and that is one of the movies grand achievements , it becomes a comedy without even attempting to amuse . throughout the film an old guy who looks amazingly like santa claus goes around ploughing over zombies and smashing vampires into the ground . this made me fail to believe the films title , if this was vampires vs zombies why were the vampires and zombies not fighting ? oh well whatever , besides there were more flaws to this rental than the title . such as this one ; there has been a virus sweeping through america creating zombie like beings who go around acting a lot like your average tourist . and yet there 's only four zombies in the entire film . another problem is besides one shop everywhere is deserted . surely you 'd see zombies roaming about in the woods or in the background a bit . in fact i believe they just drove around in a circle of forest over and over again since they did n't have a high enough budget to film in a wider location , that or the director did n't want to waste his precious time filming in different areas of wood he was to busy sitting in a trailer jerking off to be bothered with such trivial matters . in fact the director had so much fun doing this that he did n't have enough time to hire a big enough cast or even an editor . and so he told the eight members of the cast to dress up as different people and try not to act inconspicuous , whilst i assume he changed his name and began randomly snipping at the film reels `` editing is n't a hard job anyway right ? '' the only reason this `` movie '' found it 's way into our bag was because somehow we got it confused with freddy vs jason , strange how these things happen is n't it . and the only way we made it though the night was by strapping gas masks on and bolting them to our skulls to avoid the stink of this nauseating mess . oh yes we did laugh at the end , but i 'm sure one does that a lot when he has lost his sanity ...................
yes awa wrestling how can anyone forget about this unreal show . first they had a very short interviewer named marty o'neil who made `` rock n roll '' buck zumhofe look like a nose tackle . then it was gene okerland who when he got `` mad as the wrestler '' would say either `` were out of time '' or `` well be right back '' acting like he was mad but actually sounding forced . after he went to the wwf ken resneck took over even though his mustache looked like week old soup got stuck to it was a very fine interviewer who `` georgeous '' jimmy garvin called mouse face which made me fall off my chair laughing . after he jumped ship then larry nelson came on board which he was so bad that phyllis george would of been an improvement ! then there 's doug mcleod the best wrestling announcer ever who made every match exciting with his description of blows ! then he was offered more pay by the minnesota north stars hockey team . at ringside who can forget roger kent who 's mispronouncing of words and sentences were historic like when a wrestler was big `` hes a big-on ! '' punched or kicked in the guts `` right in the gussets '' or when kicked `` he punted him '' or `` the `` piledriver should be banned '' after nick bockwinkle used it on a helpless opponent . ( right roger like you care ! ) after he left to greener money ( wwf ) they had rod trongard who 's announcing style was great but different . like when a wrestler scraped the sole of his boot across another guys forehead he 'd say '' right across the front-e-lobe '' or when a wrestler is in trouble `` hes in a bad bad way '' . he also would say awa the baddest , toughest , meanest , most scientific wrestlers are here right in the awa ! ( no extra money verne gagne ! ) after he left ( wwf ) larry ( wheres phyllis ? ! ) nelson took over and i would talk to someone else or totally ignore him . ( wwe wisely did n't take him ! ) also greg gagne had the ugliest wrestling boots i ever saw a yellow color of something i do n't want to say.also when hes looking for the tag he looks like he wants to get it over with so that he can run to the nearest restroom ! jumpin jim brunzell was such a great dropkick artist that you wonder why greg was ever his partner . jerry blackwell ( rip ) was also a superstar wrestler but you wonder why verne had himself win against him. ( puhleeeeze ! ) then when vince mcmahon would hire gagnes jobbers , he would make most of them wrestle squash matches . i like to see the gagne family say wrestlings real now !
i have a piece of advice for the people who made this movie too , if you 're gon na make a movie like this be sure you got the f/x to back it up . also do n't get a bunch of z list actors to play in it . another thing , just about all of us have seen jurassic park , so do n't blatantly copy it . all in all this movie sucked , f/x sucked , acting sucked , story unoriginal . let 's talk about the acting for just a second , the carradine guy who 's career peaked in 1984 when he did `` revenge of the nerds '' ( which was actually a great comedy ) . he 's not exactly z list , he can act . he just should have said no to this s -- t bag . he should have did what mark hamill did after `` return of the jedi '' and go quietly into the night . he made his mark as a `` nerd '' and that should have been that . i understand he has bills to pay , but that hardly excuses this s -- t bag . have i called this movie that yet ? o.k . i just wanted to be sure . if i sound a little hostile , i apologize . i just wasted 2hrs of my life i could have spent doing something productive like watching paint peel , and i feel cheated . i 'll close on that note . thank you for your time .
my teacher taped this and showed it to us in child care to demonstrate how teen pregnancy affects people . it just demonstrated how teen pregnancy affects a childish jock not properly educated on how sex works and a whiny , unloved girl who throws fruit when angry and could n't tell she was with the wrong man even if he wore a sign stating he was such . i would n't be surprised if the father of the baby had about eight girlfriends in the first edition of the script . stacy 's ( the carrier of the baby ) mother is a riot . she is oblivious to the fact her daughter is past the age of four and is seemingly unshaken when people spy on her through her dining room window . bobby 's ( the father ) best friend 's name is dewey , and is an obvious rip off of sean penn 's character in fast times at ridgemont high . this movie is horrid , simply because none of the characters are believable . thank goodness it 's only made for tv , limiting the public 's chances of viewing it .
prom night ( 2008 ) directed by : nelson mccormick starring : brittany snow , scott porter , jessica stroup , and dana davis plot : three years ago , donna ( brittany snow ) witnessed the death of her entire family at the hands of her teacher ( jonathan schaech ) who has a bit of a crush on her . now , she is preparing for her senior prom with her stupid annoying friends . once there , they start dying one by one because the killer escaped from prison and no one bothered to warn donna because apparently her prom is too important to interrupt . pros : i got a few good laughs out of the film due to the terrible dialog and the dumb character moves . an example : everyone decides not to tell donna that the man who is oddly obsessed with her ( she does n't seem that great ) has escaped from prison . their reason : they do n't want to embarrass her in front of all her friends . lol cons : let me start off by saying i 'm a huge slasher fan . usually i can have fun with even the bad ones . i even like some pg-13 horror films . tourist trap ( 1979 ) , one of my favorites , was originally rated pg . i also enjoy poltergeist ( 1982 ) and the grudge ( 2004 ) . so the fact that this is a dumb slasher film that is rated pg-13 does not have anything to do with me not enjoying the movie . first of all , i had a big problem with the story . i like slasher films that do n't even have stories . at least they can be entertaining . this is about a teacher who falls in love with his student , so he kills her entire family . a few years later , he tries to make it up to her by ruining her prom and killing all of her friends ... ? then there were subplots that i doubt anyone cared about . claire ( jessica stroup ) is fighting with her boyfriend , she has cramps , and i could n't care less . this should have been a lifetime feature , not a remake of prom night . and then ... this is a slasher film with terrible death scenes . i do n't even care that it 's not that gory , some of my favorite slashers ( halloween , curtains , the original prom night ) were not that gory but they still had effective murders . here , we have half the characters dying in the same hotel room off screen , a woman being stabbed several times with no stab wounds , and a closeup on a bad actor 's face as he screams in agony . i 'm sure that 10 year-old girls were terrified , but not me . i also hated the characters . there was donna 's unrealistically sensitive boyfriend bobby ( scott porter ) and i can almost guarantee you will never meet a boyfriend that sensitive in your life , unless you are a gay male . then we had donna 's annoying friends claire ( stroup ) and lisa ( dana davis ) , and the token mean girl chrissy ( brianne davis ) . if you thought the characters in death proof were annoying , try watching this movie . and do n't get me started on ronnie ( collins pennie ) and the dj ( jay phillips ) who gave me flashbacks to usher 's performance in she 's all that . add to all that predictable plot turns , a terrible soundtrack and a big lack of respect to the original material , and you have quite a stinker .
poorly structured , badly written , loaded with cliches and flat dialogue . not a single scene shines . the actors struggle with a painfully dull scenario that manages to completely avoid any surprises , plot twists or conflict . you know from the first ten minutes where it 's going . for a movie set in ny , it has almost no feeling for the city . there are a dozen other indie movies that manage to make it seem magical on a small budget . this one seems like it was shot in toronto . if you cast natasha henstridge , why dress her in baggy sweaters ? why make vartan look boring and drab ? where 's the attraction ? i felt like i was watching a sub-par christian movie of the week it was so asexual and moralizing . steven feder 's big success is that he convinced people to make this bland movie .
what an insult to olivia d'abo who plays the film 's heroine , robin , to have keanu reeves appear so large on the box art of the film ( and at least on recent reissues , to have only reeves appear on the box ) , considering that she was the star . i realize that it is his name that will ultimately sell this long-forgotten after school special , but at least give the woman some credit . despite that , this has to be one of the worst teen sports-themed films that i have ever seen , and it strives very hard to add not only every teen and sports movie cliché from the class warfare between the feuding gymnasts to the teen romance . and , in striving to somehow deliver itself as an amateur alternative of flashdance ( with the music in one of the warehouse dance scenes is even quite close to michael sembello 's notable 'maniac ' which was made famous by flashdance , or was it the other way around ? ) . it includes similar dance sequences and worse yet , even the 80s dance and sports traditions of corny dance-offs between the heroine and her antagonist ( s ) , the one who doubts her successes and abilities on the team . we saw this in trashin ' ( a vert ramp joust ) and rad ( bmx dancing at the prom , although it was n't much for competition , but rather for fun ) for example . in fact , this movie is chock full of unrealistic corniness , such as the somewhat homo-erotic rolling in the clothes at the salvation army with robin and her friend from the team . nonetheless , the film is about a young girl who comes from a rather poor background . to top it off in a massive need to squeeze from audiences as much sympathy as possible , she lives with her ailing mother , her obnoxious sister , and her careless ( and slightly abusive ) stepfather . needless to say , homelife is not so appealing . add to the mix , a talent for gymnastics , but several obstacles to joining the team ( including the nuisance of her arrogant , snobby teammates , and a coach who also eventually doubts her abilities to compete well ) . and , of course , we ca n't forget that she 's got eyes for one of the pretty boy preppies who is dating one of the obnoxious teammates , nor that she does n't have a steady boyfriend ( although keanu as tommy later enters the picture ) . could this kid be any more pathetic ? and it seems that one mess after another comes along to embarrass herself in her painfully long , redundant , and clichéd quest to prove her worth to everyone . but , even the major moments of cheesiness which comprise most of the film , are hardly worth mentioning considering that the biggest distraction to this film is the horrible acting and dialog . ( i like how the gym coach suddenly appears at the diner in the middle of the dance-off to scold the teammates ) . it makes episodes of 'amazing stories ' look like shakespeare . i imagine anyone able to locate this film and watch it these days is probably drawn to it mostly because of the nostalgic factor . for that you might be satisfied , but it is also an incredibly forced drama . so , caveat emptour .
i tried restarting the movie twice . i put it in three machines to see what was wrong . did steven seagal 's voice change ? did he die during filming and the studio have to dub the sound with someone who does n't even resemble him ? or was the sound on the dvd destroyed ? after about 10 minutes , you finally hear the actor 's real voice . though throughout most of the film , it sounds like the audio was recorded in a bathroom . i would be ashamed to donate a copy of this movie to goodwill , if i owned a copy . i rented it , but i will never do that again . i will check this database before renting any more of his movies , all of which were ( more or less ) good movies . you usually knew what you were getting when you watched a steven seagal movie . i guess that is no more .
it 's hard to believe people actually like this dreck ! i do think kids can enjoy it , but to me it 's the kind of kid film parents ca n't bear to sit through . predictable plot , boring belushi , and possibly the worst kid actor of all time . i will give the director some of the responsibility for the kid , but she was truly painful to watch . i feel embarrassed for her now , having people know it was her . when she sang the star spangled banner i had to turn the sound off -- then i came here and discovered they did that because she won star search . i 've always felt jim belushi should be ashamed to trade on the name of his wonderful , sadly missed brother , and this crap shows why . zero stars .
the acting itself was n't even that bad , since it did't come to mind in the movie but whatever had this director in mind ? the intended climb towards some climax completely missed the mark , .. almost all scenes involve acting that stand so far from our own intentions and way of reacting on things that you do n't really attach to any actor in the movie , .. empty silences , .. in this case , see through cheap method of boasting your way into potential metaphorical brilliance , .. which just was n't here at all , .. i guess i 'm bitching but shit , .. 2 hours of my time , ..
there are few uplifting things to say about this , but i can mention matt dillon doing his best to make something out of nothing and the many split screens and graphics that are worthwhile . as most race movies suffer from the premise that car lovers are not that intelligent , we end up with movies like this . lindsay lohan who surprised so much in mean girls has to make better decisions which roles to take . here she can only fail . children will only be mildly entertained because it tries to appeal more to adults than children ( although still pretty dumb ) . the ones in the theater i saw it with showed no real interest after a couple of minutes . and as a family sports movie this is horrible . the better moments are in the beginning at the scrapyard creating some sentiment and later in the car-bash fest creating some tension . if you develop a car as a central character you have to develop it better than here . after a few obligatory race scenes you are in for the best part : being able to leave the multiplex in your own car .
my husband is a huge robin williams fan . i like him too , but have generally found that he should `` stick to what he does best '' and focus on comedic roles . my thoughts were confirmed with this movie . i was completely bored throughout the entire film . the story was predictable . i realize it was inspired by a true story . but , my guess is that there could have been some suspense or intrigue even while maintaining truth in the story . none of the characters were well developed . there was a side story about the main character and his partner . this relationship could have been explored further . more important , though , would have been a deeper exploration of the mother of the `` boy '' . her psychological profile would have been interesting to delve into . she obviously has a long history that was not touched upon except in the most superficial way . if my husband was n't such a huge williams fan , we would have left 20 minutes into it . too bad i ca n't get my $ 20 or 2 hours back .
the plot does n't offer any new excitements , it even starts the same as cube i . this time there are no other enhancements for the cube machinery , except for having an extra exit , which is not guarded , very ingenious . the characters are also not so well elaborated as in the first episode , they just became `` flat '' as in a soap opera . if somebody makes it to the normal exit , the person would be asked some questions , like `` do you believe in god ? `` , its not really creative or original and especially in my opinion it does n't fit into the mystery of the cube with it traps . really there is nothing much else to say about it .
i 'm a jean harlow fan , because she had star quality . i do n't think her movies are good and i do n't even think that she was a good actress , but she certainly was great in comedies . every bit of comedy in the girl from missouri is very good . but this movie is perhaps more like a love story . jean harlow is wonderful in this one and you can forget the rest of the cast - their performances bring nothing new . it always impresses me much to think that harlow 's beautiful body was that of an ill woman . well , in this movie she does look beautiful .
i hate to throw out lines like this , but in this case i feel like i have to : the american remake of the grudge is by far the worst film i have seen in theaters in the last 5 years . there , i said it . and now that i have gotten that out of my system , please let me explain why . `` when someone dies in the grip of a powerful rage , a curse is born . the curse gathers in that place of death . those who encounter it will be consumed by its fury . '' that is the premise of the grudge and i will admit it sounds intriguing . unfortunately , the filmmakers take it no further . those who encounter the `` curse '' are indeed consumed by its fury and that is all you get . you want more ? well too bad . some critics and fans are pointing out that the sole purpose of the grudge is to scare you . the problem is that when there is no plot to speak of , creepy images and sounds can only go so far . director takashi shimizu , pulling a george sluizer and remaking his own original film ( s ) , valiantly attempts to build atmosphere in the first hour – by repeating the same scene over and over and over and over . it pretty much unfolds like this : -person walks into house -something flashes by the camera and/or a strange sound is heard -person goes to investigate -sound starts to get loud -person sees a ghost -loud scream and/or cat screech -cut to black before the audience is even given a hint of plot , this exact same scenario unfolds 5 times in the first hour . the first time was actually somewhat creepy . each subsequent use became laughable as the film went on . by the time the end of the film rolled around , my friend and i were laughingly wondering if this scene would end `` with a loud scream and a cut to black . '' we were never proved wrong . the film has no liner storyline , instead unfolding in a series of vignettes that leave the audience jumbled . i have no problem with non-linear storytelling when it is done right . the film jumps from time period to time period with no rhyme or reason . i have n't seen a movie in such a state since the opening of the theatrical version of highlander 2 . and this storytelling technique mars any sort of mystery that film could have possibly had . if you already know the ghosts have scared two characters to death , how is it shocking when their bodies are found in the attic ? and why should we care when a detective tries to investigate the mysterious disappearances when we already know what happened to everyone ? obviously greenlit the second the american version of the ring made $ 15 million its first weekend , the grudge is nothing but calculated imitation disguised as an actual movie . the scariest things about the grudge are that it made $ 40 million dollars its first weekend and some people consider it the `` scariest movie ever made . '' i wonder what happens to those who get consumed by the fury of paying to see the grudge ?
well i 'm probably about to be lambasted by everyone on this site , but the good earth is one of the worst structured films i 've seen in a long time . we have a 2 and a half hour film that feels like its three and a half because it has two films in one . the first film tells the story of a family that has to move form their home because of drought and famine . they have to travel south to the cities to find food or work of some kind . conveniently they happen to find a bag of jewels and at the same time they find out that the drought has ended . yeah ok. with this knowledge they return home with their riches and everything is fine and wonderful again . well that takes about an hour and a half of film and while its incredibly lifeless at this point it does have a nice arc to it . you would think this would be a fantastic place to end the film . however , the film then continues on for a whole other hour . and in this remaining time , its takes a simple story about a family dealing with the hardships of the world and turns it into a sappy melodrama about betrayal and jealousy between lovers . oh yea and the age old , money is the root of all evil blah blah blah . just because you know your making an epic film does n't mean that your story can go on needlessly for more than it has to . also the main idea i would gather about this film is that the earth is good to this family and holds them together . then why do we spend an hour telling a story about a rich man falling in love with another woman , and why is the final moment of the film dedicated to a wife that our main character has n't even cared about through most of the film . oh wait and the film is n't the only thing thats poorly written , the main characters wife makes absolutely no sense . she complains a lot about how she was a slave and she never wants to have a slave and yadda yadda yadda . then why at the drop of a hat is she willing to sell her only daughter into slavery . even if they are starving at the time of this idea , it still does n't make sense when 20 minutes later in the film she is complaining about not wanting a slave again . there are other films from the thirties that should be paid attention to . the only thing this one has going for it is the cinematography . the land is shot beautifully , oh and the sequence with the locusts is quite impressive . too bad that were in a film that had nothing to say . one last thing . i know that at this point in time hollywood was focused mostly on stars and they figured that a good actor can portray anything . for most of the film paul muni does portray an asian man to the best of his ability , but once it hits the half point where the film goes on for no reason he loses it and just becomes regular old italian paul , they even cut his hair so he looks like tony from scarface ( also a better film than this ) . of all the main characters in the film i think maybe three are actually asian , the rest are just americans being silly . oh and please ms. rainer that was a really nice one note performance , not , if i could i rip the oscar out of your hands , oh i would . the good earth is one epic waste of time . if you want something along this vain to watch on nice evening get the grapes of wrath , a film that truly deserves all the praise it gets . mainly because it was n't written by a monkey .
i really wanted to like this movie , but it was just imposable . the acting was ultra hammy , the plot was annoying , and the pace was slow , sooo slowwwwww . the whole time sitting in the theater i wanted the movie to end . twenty minuets into a films and i 'm praying for an ending . sure some of the visuals were nice , but c'mon guys , i mean really ! and for a movie about a guy tuning magical instruments there really was n't much music to speak of . the music there was was annoying , and boring . there were sound loud shrill sounds at times too , those were also annoying . mainly this film managed to bore me , and creep me out at the same time . i 'm glad its over . i need to go see `` tideland '' and wash this bad taste out of my mouth .
another american pie movie has been shoved down our throats and this one is the worst one of them all . it does n't deserve the name american pie . they should have stopped at `` the wedding '' . this movie feels like just a stupid porn movie which they slapped the title american pie on . when i was watching this i felt like i was watching a different series . it does n't fell like american pie at all . it has different humor and it is much more rude and has many more sex scenes then the other american pie movies . i do n't recommend it ever . actually i do n't recommend any of the `` american pie presents '' movies . just stick with the nice original trilogy . 2/10
this is one strange hacked together film , you get the feeling that the bond company had to come in on this one , i 'm not surprised there 's no credits on it , who would want to be associated with this film . the acting of all involved is terribly stilted and the plot jumps around all over , it all makes very little sense . as i said before it looks like the bond company had to come in because it seems like there was alot of footage that was n't shot that needed to be , and all the music was very ill-fitting library music ( cheap i guess ) . very , very odd . i might actually buy a dvd of it though , if it could let me in on what the hell was going on , and what happened to this movie .
i joined this site to see what comments people would make about this absolute disaster of a film . i was n't drawn in for even a second . the characters were all one-dimensional . they threw every topic they could think of hoping something would stick . i would bet ( and hope ) that everyone involved in teachers looks back with embarrassment . there are some great actors here but you would never know it . thank god it did n't destroy morgan freeman 's or judd hirsh 's or nick nolte 's or laura dern 's careers . there was no vision , no labor of love here , only a horrible effort gone wrong . btw i do n't think the writer ever set foot in a real school .
i have never seen such terrible performances in all my life . everyone in the entire film was absolute rubbish . not one decent actor/actress in the whole film , it was a joke . reminded me of drama at school ...
i guess this goes to prove that joe don baker will do anything for a buck . the concept of the film was n't very good to start with . this movie has so many bad things about it i do n't know where to start . the acting is horrible . the cinematography is marginal at best . the soundtrack was pretty bad . the score is terrible . there 's a reason why this movie ended up on mystery science theater 3000 . i voted before i wrote this and i can not believe that 9 people actually thought this `` film '' is excellent . they must have liked the two go-go dancers . final justice would be if they locked this stinker in the film vault outside wichita and never let anyone see it again ! a 1 out of 10 rating is far better than this deserves .
any movie that has nude scenes of karen allen and i 'm still so bored i walk out , that is a stinker ! karen gets stuck in paris , and befriends a sissily-handsome french man with whom she is having sex soon . of course he 's married , ( `` but , cheri , why should that be a problem ? '' ) what could be an interesting clash of cultures is ( believe it or not ) just dull . i walked out . maybe the movie got a lot better after i left ; but it would have had to have gotten a lot better to make up for a rotten beginning . my advice , if you find yourself in this , run , do not walk , for the exit . save your time and your energy . most assuredly save your money . it 's a shame the production company did n't save its money .
ah yes , the vs series , mvc2 being the pinnacle . it 's been said before , this is what you get when half of the crew fell asleep on the job , unfortunately the gameplay half did . do n't get me wrong , this is fun , but you get tired of mashing buttons . as for the plot summary , ahahahahahaaaaa ... there is no plot . beat that guy at the end and win ! eh , who plays this by their self anyway ?
being a fan of cheesy horror movies , i saw this in my video shop and thought i would give it a try . now that i 've seen it i wish it upon no living soul on the planet . i get my movie rentals for free , and i feel that i did n't get my moneys worth . i 've seen some bad cheesy horror movies in my time , hell i 'm a fan of them , but this was just an insult .
bad plot ( though good for a b-movie ) , good fast-paced fight scenes , at most a 5 out of 10 . but something has always bothered me about this film : how come mariska hargitay never speaks ? in the tv version , she shares several intimate moments with jeff speakman , even a kiss in a garden . yet in the regular ( video ) version , most of her scenes are cut and she never speaks at all . this bothers me because it not only takes out a female ( though cliched ) point-of-view to the film , it also makes the final shot seem creepy . this film would have been better had they kept her scenes in , because in those scenes at least she has a personality , one that undercuts whatever speakman says .
as others have mentioned , this movie is similar to the fly ( both versions ) and the lesser known sci-fi flick altered states . the big difference is that those two movies were well made by people who knew what they were doing and were good at it . metamorphosis did not have these advantages . metamorphosis is a potentially interesting science fantasy story that had the wrong people in charge of it and the wrong actors playing the roles . the story follows scientist dr. peter houseman ( gene lebrock ) , an obsessed man working on a genetic cure to aging and death . when the university he works for threatens to cut funding , he decides to inject the anti-aging serum into himself . as a result , dr. houseman spends the rest of the movie slowly turning into a lizard . and oh yes , watching the good doctor go through the process of becoming that lizard is a great joy . it really is so bad that it 's good . some of the lines are classic : `` what was it ? '' `` a nightmare ... from the past ! '' many of the reviews that i 've read for this point up how stupid and ridiculous the last five minutes of this movie are . i 'm just going to go ahead and spoil it : the good doctor goes from being a shuffling half-man , half-lizard thing to being what appears to be a man in a rejected godzilla costume , when the police finally gun him down . in the final scene , some obnoxious kid is seen with a little pet lizard which he claims will never die , and the movie 's heroine , sally donnelly ( catherine baranov ) evidently decides that the little lizard is the final incarnation of dr. houseman . the camera then gives us a close-up of the lizard 's face ; this is , i assume , the director 's way of showing us that the lizard is evil . yes , it is goofy , but i fell over laughing so i ca n't complain . i watched this movie because it was a part of the chilling classics 50 movie megapack that i purchased . i 'm sure many of those who are reading this did exactly the same thing , as the 50 pack is the only way to see this movie on dvd . if you have recently bought the boxed set and have n't watched this movie yet , it really is worth your time , even if i did just ruin the ending for you . it might also be possible to find this movie online for free .
i hated this movie so much i remember it vividly . it is not even funny . any movie that relies on unfunny sex jokes and racism humor does not deserve the money it costs to make it . in the first half hour , rob schneider drinks a carton of rancid milk . all i could think was `` he deserves it , for making such a bad movie '' . do n't waste your time or money on this one .
i love these actors , but they were wasted in this flick . i can only wonder , what were they thinking agreeing to this crap ? ? ? debra winger just phoned it in ; dennis quaid and arliss howard were caricatures . some people thought it was deep . well , if you liked `` breaking the waves '' , you 'll probably like this too . i hated both . 3/10
this film is pretty poor . the acting is abysmal and completely forced . furthermore , by shooting the film as a docudrama does n't necessarily make it more believable , you ca n't get out of it that easily mr dir . do n't let my comments mislead you however , as i would recommend you watch this film , as it does shed some light on the psychology or non existent psychology behind the perpetrators of such crimes . however , the climax of the film is absolutely rubbish ! there is no other way to put it ! it pure and simply fails to capture any sense of atmosphere ! what takes place does not translate to me any feelings of desperation , panic , fear or dread that one would surely experience in such terrifying circumstances . no instead it leaves you with jaw dropping `` was that it ? ! '' spilling from your tongue , and by no means are you haunted by these boys actions . rather you just feel embarrassed for yet another film that started with potential , but ended up falling flat on its face at the most crucial point.zero day indeed .... zzzzzzzzzzzzz
al pacino ? kim basinger ? tea leoni ? ryan o'neal ? richard schiff ? my mouth was watering . i dropped everything to watch this movie on cable . 30 minutes in i was having trouble staying awake . 60 minutes in and i hit the record button and fell asleep . finished watching it the next morning . should n't have bothered . what a waste of a great cast and an idea that could have been an interesting story of a `` day in the life ... '' cure your insomnia if you have it and watch this movie . i guarantee you at least an hour and a half of uninterrupted sleep . dialogue horrible . continuity non-existent . camera work could have been done with a hand held super 8 and looked better . this movie was a total disaster .
after having watched koyaanisqatsi two or three dozen times and loving every second of it , i finally had a chance to see it 's sequel life in transformation . i was truly dissappointed as it did not nearly stand up to the high standards of the first . 90 minutes of people with baskets on their head is not my idea of a good movie . the philip glass score for this one had neither the beauty nor the correlating strength of the first . compared with koyaanisqatsi this movie seemed slow and pointless . a watered down version of baraka , which is the same idea but done better . i truly hope the third movie in this series will not follow the example of this waste .
wow . i went to the video store tonight because i was in the mood for a bad b horror movie and i found this gem . i looked at the cover and i thought it looked like just the movie for my mood . i brought it home and put it on . this movie was not the b horror movie that i had in mind . this was much worse . i wanted a bad movie but what i got , i did n't know that crap like this existed amongst man . this movie seemed like a 5 year old wrote and directed it and that is being nice about it . i am an aspiring director and this movie made me so mad that someone out there is actually paying this guy to direct movies . he needs to work at a garbage dump shoveling crap where he belongs . if you are thinking about renting this or buying it . i will tell you the same thing that i would tell someone getting ready to commit suicide . `` do n't do it , it 's not worth it ! '' i really have nothing nice to say about this movie . do n't do it !
if there was a 0 stars rating i would gladly hand it out to this absolutely horrid pile of waste . the fact that the actual summary is perfectly fine and that if it had been made different it could have been brilliant only makes it worse . the basic task of locking up a group of people in an experiment chamber is fine , but wheres the experiment ? all i see is a bunch of unintelligent surfers and blondes chatting about music and culture i do n't know or want to know about ... the challenges are pathetic and silly . the whole point of reality tv is to show reality . if you set a 'challenge ' do n't make them play with exaggerated props of food and stereotypical cultural elements in 'friday night games ' . make them do an actual challenge . and as for 'earning ' prize money , thats fine , if they actually earnt it ! these people are nuts . if only they would make the show better , the actual idea would be glorious . but that ai n't gon na happen !
`` cia codename : alexa '' is an absolute horrible rip off of luc besson 's classic film `` la femme nikita '' ( 1990 ) . the film is basically about a woman who is taken in and trained by the cia and is forced to do a secret mission for them . ( pretty much the same story structure of la femme nikita ) the acting combo of lorenzo lamas and o.j . simpson is perhaps the worst in cinema history . lamas ' `` acting '' is simply a bad steven segal impersonation . watching orenthal act in this film is an excruciating experience . the writing and acting is so poor in this film at times it is laughable . there are so many action movie `` conventions '' in the film it is ridiculous : unnecessary car explosions , people flying thru glass windows , terrorists , bad ponytails , etc . the musical score resembles david michael frank 's score for `` hard to kill '' ( 1990 ) , which furthers the steven segal theme of this movie . there is plenty of martial arts in the film , and it is pretty well done for a low budget american production . the mindless action and over the top acting never lets up , and i have to admit i was mildly entertained . lorenzo lamas had the look of an action star back in the early 90 's but he is certainly no action star , that is why he is doing soap operas and not action blockbusters . my recommendation is that you skip `` cia codename : alexa '' and check out `` la femme nikita '' instead .
the premise of this awaited sequel was really good and after the huge success of the remake i expected a lot sincerely . the sad truth is that this movie is really absurd and inept . the situations are dumb and beyond reason and the acting is truly awful . this time there are n't likable characters or violins unlike the remake . also , the gore is not that abundant and when it happens it 's truly bad . the violence is minimal and it 's a shame because there are many arguments that make you think that there 's room for heavy violence . i mean , there 's a swat team that is hunting a family of cannibal mutants . you surely expect something different ! when i watched it on the movies i wanted my money back . anyways this is a clear example of how rushed out movies turn out to be a mess and demonstrate poor quality on all aspects . a mess that let down the fans of the remake like me . that 's why sequels are never welcomed ; at least this movie is n't as terrible as the 1985 sequel to the original .
why bother seeing this movie , if you have great movies to see . it is a total waste of time and money . the movie is so bad that i felt bad for wanting to watching it . everything in it is bad . actors were bad . script was really bad . the story is stupid . and the worst cgi ever . the only good moments were the first 60 seconds of the movie in the strip club . one interesting thing that , there is a characther that we wish that he dies because , he is so stupid that we get enough of him . ( i do n't remember the name but was the boyfriend of the `` chosen one '' . ) note : if you want to see a good movie , this movie is n't the right choice . 0-stars out of 10
i was supposed to review this for a website , and i watched this with optimism that perhaps it would at least be a cheesy yet entertaining rip off , and it did n't even do that well enough . `` 666 : the child '' is probably one of the worst supernatural thrillers i 've ever seen ( even worse than `` godsend '' ) with scenes that rip from `` the omen '' without shame . the ending is even very similar to the way `` the omen '' ends . not to mention that the acting , writing , and story are all just hackneyed . if these movies make money , i 'm sad to see where asylum is headed . it 's embarrassing .
i did not expect much from this film , but boy-o-boy , i did not expect the movie to be this bad . chris rock is not showing a good act here , you ca n't get the feeling that his caracter is real , i think the movie would have been a bit better if it 's drama or romantic scenes would have been a less part of the movie and more/better humor was involved . the movie is like the film makers were having a bad hangover making it . in the `` making of '' they do n't show a single smile . this is a very bad film ! i gave it three out of ten because of few smiles it gave me , but i did never laugh !
this may actually be the worst movie that i have ever scene . incoherent would be a compliment . even the end made no sense but it was a tremendous relief that it was finally over . i watched it with a kind of fatalistic fascination to see if it could continue to deteriorate and it did . by the end of this mess i was sorry any of the characters survived and i was n't feeling too charitable about the actors either.if you want to watch a train wreck , i recommend hanging out at a train station . even waiting on a deserted train platform beats this mess . apparently i have n't vented enough to fill up my prescribed ten lines so , at the risk of redundancy , i will say it one more time . this movie is a zero and it would be less if i had a word for an even lower rating . how about minus zero ?
i saw this bomb when it hit theaters . i laughed the whole time . why ? because the stupidity of it seemed to have made me go insane . i look back on it and realize there was not one funny thing in the whole movie . at leat nothing intentional . it is awfully funny that lizzie cn chew a piece of nurplex and become a gigantic , carnivorous demon ... yet her itty-bitty little dress is perfectly intact , despite the fact that she is now hundreds of times larger than she was when she first put it on . or the kind of movie in which a man can be shocked with a defibulator and only fall unconcious , and return to conciousness without any medical attention . and do n't let me get started on the ridiculous fate of the `` villain '' that they decided they needed to create `` conflict . '' uh huh . to the person complaining about disney only targetting kids-the raunchy parts of this film seems to disprove that statement . do we really need daryl hannah accusing jeff bridges of having kinky video tapes ? you do if you 're disney and you 're out of ideas for making the movie appeal to the above-8 crowd without writing a more intelligent script ! i am thoroughly convinced that disney pays off the ratings board so it 's movies can get away with murder and still get family-friendly ratings . what a waste of the dvd format .
vampyres aspect ratio : 1.85:1 sound format : mono a motorist ( murray brown ) is lured to an isolated country house inhabited by two beautiful young women ( marianne morris and anulka ) and becomes enmeshed in their free-spirited sexual lifestyle , but his hosts turn out to be vampires with a frenzied lust for human blood ... taking its cue from the lesbian vampire cycle initiated by maverick director jean rollin in france , and consolidated by the success of hammer 's `` carmilla '' series in the uk , jose ramon larraz ' daring shocker vampyres pushed the concept of adult horror much further than british censors were prepared to tolerate in 1974 , and his film was cut by almost three minutes on its original british release . it is n't difficult to see why ! using its gothic theme as the pretext for as much nudity , sex and bloodshed as the film 's short running time will allow , larraz ( who wrote the screenplay under the pseudonym 'd . daubeney ' ) uses these commercial elements as mere backdrop to a languid meditation on life , death and the impulses - sexual and otherwise - which affirm the human condition . shot on location at a picturesque country house during the autumn of 1973 , harry waxman 's haunting cinematography conjures an atmosphere of grim foreboding , in which the desolate countryside - bleak and beautiful in equal measure - seems to foreshadow a whirlwind of impending horror ( larraz pulled a similar trick earlier the same year with symptoms , a low-key thriller which erupts into a frenzy of violence during the final reel ) . however , despite its pretensions , vampyres ' wafer-thin plot and rough-hewn production values will divide audiences from the outset , and while the two female protagonists are as charismatic and appealing as could be wished , the male lead ( brown , past his prime at the time of filming ) is woefully miscast in a role that should have gone to some beautiful twentysomething stud . a must-see item for cult movie fans , an amusing curio for everyone else , vampyres is an acquired taste . watch out for silent era superstar bessie love in a brief cameo at the end of the movie .
well , i have to say , this movie was so bad that i would have walked out if i did n't have to review it for work . and the worst part is , i wanted to see it so badly that i drove all over the city , paid $ 10 parking two times because the newspaper listings were wrong . vince vaughn plays the guy he always does -- the only time i 've seen him play someone else was in that movie with john travolta . anyways , the plot has potential -- it sounded great in the preview , but it is filled with totally ridiculous , predictable , weak plot turn points . and i was hoping that this would be one christmas movie where christmas didn '' t have to be saved , and that santa did n't need a replacdmetn , but nope . the only cool part was the sleigh rides , and the little bladck kid was the best character . i 'm sure this movie would be great for young kids , but for adults it 's so lame that it 's chore to sit through .
warning spoilers * * * * * a really stupid movie about a group of young excursionists in italy that find an armor of mythical warrior with a demonic souls . one of them wears it and becomes possessed by the spirit of a demon . it 's killing time and several of his friends die under his blade to revive the demon corpse . a waste of time for the viewers , as the fine young ladies in the movie leave their clothes on , the gore is ludicrous at best , and the acting is terrible , perfect pairing for such a bad script
this movie was terrible . throughout the whole movie , i was puzzled and did not see any point to it . i had to go to this site and read the review to finally understand what it was about . this movie is not worth watching at all . not only is it sick and revolting but totally stupid ! please do n't watch unless you are one of those that likes to watch bad movies . if this movie questions japanese society and their values and roles , than this is a country that i would not like to visit or bother to know . this is a totally sick movie ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i did not enjoy it because it made no sense . my boyfriend and i sat there waiting to see if it was a horror because that is what it was listed under . it was total disappointment .
spoilers ( although none that are n't revealed in the first two minutes of the movie ) robin williams is actually quite good in this as the friendly , lonely , emotionally stunted loser sy . he makes a very human , even sympathetic psycho , and really disappears into the character -- no small feat for such a recognizable performer . too bad the rest of the movie is such a waste . the supporting performances ( and performers ) would n't look out of place in a soft-core porno ( it does n't help that every character but sy is made of 100 % cardboard ) . at times , the director actually seems to be trying to frustrate suspense : we know from the very first moments a ) that sy is a complete whack-job , b ) that he survives , and c ) that he gets nabbed by the cops at the end . so all we 're left to ponder is the hows and the whys , and the answers provided are n't all that interesting . the plot is plodding and contrived , and features some nonsensical moments ( for instance , the husband berates his wife for her expensive tastes , even though she seems to spend all her free time at the local discount superstore ) . about two thirds of the way through , sy does something so irredeemably stupid that it makes one wonder how much he actually cares about his grand revenge scheme . and the final clichéd explanation of his psychosis , right out of ` peeping tom , ' is a terrible copout . the dialogue is of the absolute worst sort . it 's not overwritten , or awkward , or unbelievable , or bad in any other way that could be considered fun , even for bad-movie lovers . instead , every line is purely , hideously functional -- it 's as if the director handed a plot outline to a newspaper copywriter and said , ` hey , i need a workable script on this -- in an hour . ' it made me want to scream , honestly . this movie seems to be a throwback to the suburban beware-the-help thrillers of the eighties and nineties ( ` the hand that rocks the cradle , ' e.g . ) , and while it 's certainly unpleasant , it 's never really scary . sy 's fetishism occasionally makes you feel uncomfortable , but on its own that 's not enough to make the film work . in the end , lack of craftsmanship from everyone involved , except robin williams , sinks this one . 3 out of 10 .
anyone who knows me even remotely can tell you that i love bad movies almost as much as i love great ones , and i can honestly say that i have finally seen one of the all-time legendary bad movies : the almost indescribable mess that is myra breckinridge . an adaptation of gore vidal 's best-selling book ( he later disowned this film version ) , the star-studded myra breckinridge is truly a movie so bad that it remains bizarrely entertaining from beginning to end . the x-rated movie about sex change operations and hollywood was an absolute catastrophe at the box office and was literally booed off the screen by both critics and audiences at the time of it 's release . not surprisingly , the film went on to gain a near-legendary cult status among lovers of bad cinema , and i was actually quite excited to finally see for the first time . director michael sarne ( who only had two other previous directing credits to his name at the time ) , took a lot of flack for the finished film , and , in honesty , it really does not look like he had a clue about what he was trying to achieve . the film is often incoherent , with entire sequences edited together in such a half-hazzard manner that many scenes become nearly incomprehensible . also irritating is the gimmick of using archival footage from the fox film vaults and splicing it into the picture at regular intervals . this means that there is archival footage of past film stars such as judy garland and shirley temple laced into newly-film scenes of often lewd sexual acts , and the process just does n't work as intended ( this also caused a minor uproar , as actors such as temple and loretta young sued the studio for using their image without permission ) . perhaps sarne is not the only one to blame , however , as the film 's screenplay and casting will also make many viewers shake their heads in disbelief . for instance , this film will ask you to believe that the scrawny film critic rex reed ( in his first and last major film role ) could have a sex change operation and emerge as the gorgeous sex goddess raquel welch ? ! the film becomes further hard to follow when welch as myra attempts to take over a film school from her sleazy uncle ( played by legendary film director john huston ) , seduce a nubile female film student ( farrah fawcett ) , and teach the school 's resident bad boy ( roger herren ) a lesson by raping him with a strap-on dildo . did everyone follow that ? and it gets even better ( or worse , depending upon your perspective ) ! i have yet to mention the film 's top-billed star : the legendary screen sex symbol of the nineteen-thirties , mae west ! ms. west was 77 year old when she appeared in this film ( she had been retired for 26 years ) , and apparently she still considered herself to be a formidable sex symbol as she plays an upscale talent agent who has hunky men ( including a young tom selleck ) throwing themselves at her . as if this were n't bad enough , the tone-deaf west actually performs two newly-written songs about halfway through the film , and i think that i might have endured permanent brain damage from listening to them ! naturally , none of this even closely resembles anything that any person of reasonable taste would describe as `` good , '' but i would give myra breckinridge a 4 out of 10 because it was always morbidly entertaining even when i had no idea what in the hell was supposed to be going on . also , most of the cast tries really hard . raquel , in particular , appears so hell-bent in turning her poorly-written part into something meaningful that she single-handedly succeeds in making the movie worth watching . if she had only been working with a decent screenplay and capable director then she might have finally received some respect form critics . the rest of the cast is also fine . the endearingly over-the-top john huston ( who really should have been directing the picture ) has some funny moments , rex reed is n't bad for a non-actor , and farrah fawcett is pleasantly fresh-faced and likable . roger herren is also fine , but he never appeared in another movie again after this ( i guess he just could n't live down being the guy who was rapped by raquel welch ) . and as anyone could guess from the description above , mae west was totally out of her mind when she agreed to do this movie - but that 's part of what makes it fun for those of us who love bad cinema .
i would n't normally write a comment on-line , but this is the worst movie i 've ever seen . not only that it 's filmed just like a soap series ( `` the young and the restless '' is really filmed by professionals compared to this ) , but it also has awful cuts . it has no action . it is full of useless garbage . here 's an example : a guy wants to kill the main character as he got fired because of him . so ( after loads of crap ) here they are : the guy puts a knife at his throat and says something like `` you 're dead now '' . then the main character says : `` if you kill me you 're dead . i 've told the police you 're threatening me '' . so the ( killer ) guy goes like ( just about to cry ) : `` oh no ... the cops are following me ! ? ! ! oh ... my god '' . remember : this is just an example . i really can not believe this movie actually exists . so : if you want to see the worst movie ever ... go ahead , i recommend it : )
filmatography : excellent , nice camera angles ( i do n't remember seeing a movie of late , with good close-ups , until this one ) . could have avoided gruesome scenes with a soft camera . ny is pictured good.i liked the upside down angles , in particular ( a different touch ) . music : not impressive . songs do n't stick around in your mind even after watching the movie . may be , i expected same quality like `` anniyan '' . a disappointment . actors : kamal needs to slowly pull away from hard-core action sequences . his age and belly really show up . also , he should avoid close romantic sequences going forward . it was a very awkward to see a mature/aged star still trying to play like a 20+ heroes scenes . love can be expressed at any age ; as we get older , you still can express love nicely from a distance ( without touching a woman too much . for example , the love expressed by rajinikanth in `` chandrmukhi '' ) . jyotika just appears for the namesake in the movie . not sure why she accepted this . well , that is not my problem , i guess . others just have a small presence . direction : i expected gautham to excel ( or measure-up ) to his other movie `` kakka kakka '' . he disappointmented me . it took a long time to release the movie due to various issues . he slips in few scenes . even abvious things got slipped from a famous director . overall : just a okay movie . too much graphics . definitely not for kids ( and adults who expect some kind of `` entertainment '' ) . thx
in my book `` basic instinct '' was a perfect film . it had outstanding acting on the parts of stone , douglas and all the supporting actors to the tiniest role . it had marvelous photography , music and the noirest noir script ever . all of it adding up to a film that is as good as it will ever get ! this sequel is the exact opposite , it can not possibly get worse , bad acting and a lame script , combined with totally inept direction , this is really bad , boring , annoying . the only thing that somewhat keeps you concentrated is the relatively short wait for the next scene that is an exact re-enacted copy of the original . these copies are so bad they make you laugh and i laughed a lot in spite of myself , because it was like watching the demolishing of a shining monument . the only thing that is good in this horrible mess are the excerpts of the jerry goldsmith score of bi1 . michael caton-jones and the half-wit responsible for the script even included the `` there is no smoking in this room '' dialog in the interrogation scene and yes she sends her attorney ( who is now a solicitor ) away ! i am sorry i have seen this awful film that should have never been made ! it does damage to the original , so bad is it . the only redeeming value is the realization that cosmetic surgery ( and i am sure ms stone afforded the best surgeon money can buy ) can do a good job but can obviously not restore the perfection of the original . and what concerns the human body applies to film-making , too . there should be a law : do n't ever make a sequel to a perfect film !
by 1976 the western was an exhausted genre and the makers of this film clearly knew it . still , instead of shelving the project and saving us from having to watch it , they went ahead and made it anyway . apparently in need of an interesting thread to get the audiences to come and see the film , they decided to make it as blatantly violent and unpleasant as possible . hell , it worked for the wild bunch so why should n't it work here ? of course , the wild bunch had the benefit of a superb script but the script of the last hard men is plain old-fashioned rubbish . it 's hard to figure out what attracted charlton heston and james coburn to their respective roles . heston plays a retired lawman who goes after an escaped bunch of convicts led by a violent outlaw ( coburn ) . the hunt becomes even more personal when heston 's daughter ( barbara hershey ) is kidnapped by the convicts and subjected to sexual degradation . this is a bloodthirsty film indeed in which every time someone dies it is displayed in over-the-top detail . it 's tremendously disappointing really , because the star pairing sounds like a mouth-watering prospect . there 's no sense of pace or urgency in the film either . it takes an eternity to get going , but when the action finally does come it is marred by the emphasis on nastiness . all in all , this might be the very worst film that heston ever made . i 'm sure it 's one of the productions he is loathe to include on his illustrious cv .
if you want to see a retarded homosexual karate expert beat up a bunch of try hard wannabe mexican gangsters repeatedly for an hr , then this is the film for you . if not then choose another dvd from the 20c bin which is the only place this film belongs . the acting was so horrible that i had to force myself to watch it to the end . the cover makes it look so cool but its just another cheap , b grade gangster film along the lines of 2 g 's and a key , bloody streetz and menace . i would not buy or rent this film unless you are planing to get stoned and plot , editing and acting really do n't matter to you . it is truly the worst film in the history of humanity ! ! !
this movie , i wo n't call it a `` film , '' was basically about nothing and functioned mostly for the popular acts of the time . yeah the war was on full swing ( pun intended ) , and this movie gave the troops and our audiences a treat . but let 's have something with a bit more substance . loved seeing a young buddy rich on the drums . the music was good throughout . but one cameo after another gets old fast . i did n't even recognize zero mostel ! so if you 're one from the `` greatest generation , '' as they say , you 'll definitely enjoy this ... movie .
stewart moss stars as a scientist who is on a working trip with his wife , and one gets the feeling that he was picked for this role for his ability to roll his eyes back in his head ... imagine the auditions for this .. '' can you ... no , that 's not quite it , thank you , next ! '' . anyway , he 's bitten by a bat , and then , he 's either changing into some kind of bat creature and killing people or .... he 's not . for no one else sees his strange transformations , but he himself seems to think that he 's changing because his wedding ring pops off when his hands turn into claws , etc . to its credit the movie does kind of hold back on whether he 's just nuts or whether he 's actually transforming into something until almost the very end . this has some good locations & sort of a decent atmosphere at times but unfortunately none of that can make up for the somewhat lame story and the wonderfully bad acting . kind of fun in a `` so bad it 's good '' way , but leans more towards just plain bad . 4 out of 10 .
witty . quirky . genuine . surreal . butterfly wings ? one could ask what all of these words best describe , and some ( those in fuse with the international film community ) may quickly say happenstance , but others may jump aboard the more american train and immediately yell , the butterfly effect . strangely , i would be one of those screaming for that sci-fi kutcher film mainly because none of those words that i initially mentioned at the start of this paragraph accurately depicts the tautou feature that i witnessed . sure , we all loved her in amelie and thought she was the daughter of jesus in the da vinci code , but in this film first-time director ( of a feature film at least ) laurent firode does n't give tautou the opportunity to shine . sadly , he gives nobody the opportunity to really demonstrate themselves because he is too delicately caught up in the moments of `` random chance '' to bring this film to anything but just a shimmer ( never a true boil ) . firode has ample , and i use `` ample '' as a small word , moments throughout this film where he could have built us a fantastical story , a genuinely whimsical fairy-tale of love and coincidence , but instead he fell face-first into a mud-bucket of chaotic intertwining that overwhelmed us with inconsistent characters and a story that left us gasping for less . tautou 's beautiful face adorns the cover of this box , but do not be so taken immediately as i did in assuming that this was going to be another monumental journey into tautou 's french cinema . tautou is in this film , do not get me wrong , but one could argue that she is not at the center of this story . firode 's job is to create a series of random events that eventually will lead to an audience friendly ( albeit confusing ) ending which exemplifies that meaning of refreshing `` melodrama '' . he utterly , utterly fails . firode fails by giving us , the audience , too many characters . with too many characters he gives us too many random interventions , and by the end you do n't really care who is who , or what is what , or how is how ; your main focus happens to be centered solely on the ending credits and the time destination of their arrival . tautou could have saved this film from the disaster it was if only firode would have given her the center . alas , he did not , but attempted to seemingly force a group of 12 through a theoretical film hole about the size of a penny . it just did n't work and we were left with a jam in which we were completely stuck . firode fails because he focus ' so intently on the minor details that , for one of those rare film occurrences , he actually forgets the central focus . i can say that there was no defined central focus to happenstance . in the beginning he attempts to create one with our two supposed main characters discovering that they share the same birthday and their horoscope promises love by the moonlight , but we never go back to that throughout the film . instead , again , we are bombarded with new characters , stuffy scenes , and meaningless drivel obviously chosen to direct us away from an actual story and more into a world full of `` ifs , ands , and buts '' . i could n't do it . i could n't believe this film . writer firode ( yes , the same guy directing this garbage ) uses a technique so primitive in this film that i immediately felt like ending it immediately . he must have been assuming that many of us were incapable of actually following the storyline ( or the scientific premise ) because he grabs the aid of a homeless person to actually fill in the respective blanks . i did n't need this , nor do i think firode needed to belittle his audience in this matter . while there were other elements that just did n't seem to work for me at all ( again , felt like a jumbled parisian collage of shredded paper ) , this was the icing on the cake . i do n't need my hand held through films . i will give this film one star for credit . this is a rather difficult genre to master successfully . time travel films are especially hard because of the innumerable amounts of possibilities that are never accounted for , but with happenstance it works because firode semi-explores the different avenues . while i will counter with saying that he does not do it well , it did make for at least five full minutes of enjoyment . i liked where firode was headed with this film , he had a genuinely diagramed story , but the final execution just blew this film to shreds . firode could have saved this film if he would have strengthened his characters , while lightening up his premise and story . i think my overall mood of this film would have changed if just these two simple directions were taken . oh , how i only wish i could time travel back to the production of this film to show firode the errors of his ways . overall , for the first time ( and probably last ) , this was a tautou film that i must say utterly disappointed me . from the choppy opening to the apathetic ending , i just felt that happenstance failed due to firode 's leadership and horrid marketing . marketing is something that i did n't mention before , but why would anyone purchase this film thinking that it was an amelie 2 ( per the title released in hong kong ) , and why would you place tautou squarely on the cover knowing full well that she was n't carrying this film at all . i believe that from the first minute that passed on my dvd player , this film was in shambles . while i will applaud his subject , everything else was well below the level of mediocrity . i can not suggest this film to anyone . grade : * out of * * * * *
although i have enjoyed bing crosby in other movies , i find this movie to be particularly grating . maybe because i 'm from a different era and a different country , but i found crosby 's continual references to the good old usa pleasant at first , trite after a while and then finally annoying . do n't get me wrong - i 'm not anti-american whatsoever - but it seemed that the english could do no right and/or needed this brave , oh so smart american visitor to show them the way . it 's a `` fish out of water '' story , but unlike most movies of this sort , this time it 's the `` fish '' who has the upper hand . to be fair to both myself and the movie , i have watched it a few times spaced over a few years and get the same impression each time . ( i watched another crosby movie last night - the emperor 's waltz - and that , too , produced the same reaction in me . and to my surprise even my wife - who for what 's it 's worth is american - found the `` in your face '' attitude of american crosby to be irritating . one too many references to teddy roosevelt , as she put it . ) as for the premise of the movie , it 's unique enough for its day and the supporting cast is of course very good . the scenery and the music is also good , as are the great costumes - although i agree with a previous reviewer that the wig on william bendix looks horrid ( picture moe of the three stooges ) . all in all for me this would be a much more enjoyable picture without the attitude of bing crosby but because he is in virtually every shot it 's pretty hard to sit through this movie .
scary movie 3 ( 2003 ) was a bad idea to begin with . the last film was a mediocre effort . put it next to this load , it 's a comedy classic . whilst part two was filled with a lot of dated humor and cheap shots , at least it was funny . there 's nothing funny about forced humor . jokes , pratfalls and sight gags are supposed to be naturally funny . hitting the viewer over the head with tired jokes is not cool . the humor in this film was caters to juvenile imbeciles who 'll laugh at anything . when they catered to the junior high school crowd , any sense of self respect was tossed out the window . ring parodies are not funny . i have watched them in comedies since 1998 . they 're so dated . michael jackson jokes are not cool either . what 's even worse is making fun of two broken down has been `` performers '' whose best days were never . the death of american cinema has been a slow one . films like this are the nails that are being pounded into it 's coffin . whatever happened to real humor ? i have n't laughed out loud in a movie theater in a long time . too many bad movies rot the brain . you want proof ? go to your local mega chain video rental store and see what 's on the shelves . this movie is bad . do n't believe the hype . i would rather watch scary movie 2 in a continuous loop than to suffer through this poor excuse of a comedy ever again ! definitely not recommended ( unless you have a handful of brain cells ) .
burt reynolds came to a point in his career where he appeared to just be going thru the motions . he 'd show up , party with his friends on film , and take home a big paycheck . it did n't seem to matter to him that the product he was representing was pure crap . no film epitomized this more than `` stroker ace '' which makes `` cannonball run '' look like a classic and `` cannonball run ii '' look watchable . save for a few race scenes there is absolutely nothing worth seeing here . even the beautiful loni anderson hams it up so bad as a dumb blonde it 's embarrassing . if the thought of burt hamming it up with jim nabors and dressing like a chicken sounds funny then this is your movie . otherwise pick almost any other film comedy and it wo n't be any worse .
a remake of alejandro amenabar 's abre los ojos , but this time with a living , breathing mask as a lead . for the dubious advantage of an english sound track , we endure tom cruise 's soulless performance , as usual , with zero depth . yes , the character is identified with his persona , but we usually are given some character underneath that to hold our interest . his empty posturing negates any erotic energy that could have been between his character and cruz or diaz . there is an acting exercise that involves using masks to free the actor to enrich his presentation of character by verbal and body language means . cruise 's masking only painfully emphasizes his inadequacy as an actor . do see the 1997 original amenabar open your eyes !
when i saw this `` documentary '' , i was disappointed to see serbian propaganda in action once again . even though serbia and its nationalist politics is main reason of yugoslavian breakup , it is not mentioned in this `` documentary '' , which is made by bogdanovich whose name tells us that he is serbian and his movie that he is far from being objective . it is one in the set of lies pushed by milosevic regime . everyone else is guilty only serbians were right and victims , even though most of the war criminals tried in hague are serbs , even though serbs are one who have committed genocide against bosnians , and attacked slovenia , croatia , and bosnia all independent nations recognized by the un.breakup of yugoslavia was not avoidable because serbians did not want to release the grip their nationalism has put on federal yugoslav government , so slovenia , croatia , macedonia , and bosnia were forced to become independent nations in order to protect their interests.if you are interested in an objective documentary about breakup of yugoslavia , and fact led documentary this is not it . you should watch `` yugoslavia : death of a nation '' , made by discovery channel and bbc .
there seem to have been any number of films like this released during the 70 's . and the fact that i can not recollect the title to a single one of them off-hand is a measure of their impact . these are what novelists would call 'pot-boilers ' . they are scarcely more than a vehicle for keeping movie-stars in the public eye . we have micheal caine , peter ustinov , omar sharif , rex harrison and william holden ; more than enough names to get bums on cinema seats . every taste in hero is catered for . though one suspects that most of the audience still went away disappointed . their talents are simply thrown away , and i wonder that stars with so much money and such reputation can be yet so desperate or lacking in good sense . this sort of movie hardly adds gilding to a cv . sometimes maybe actors should choose their director instead of the other way round . it was pretty obvious that it would be crap even from the outset . that ludicrously mismatched jaunty-jazz theme music , which also percolated up every time some incidental noise is needed , had all the atmospheric conviction of elevator muzak . who imagined employing a jazz band when a scene depicted the steamy jungles of central africa , or the endless sahara with camels and palms as a backdrop ? definitely a serious goof-ball . ennio morricone would have known what to do ; and his results would have oozed enough atmosphere and tension to raise my rating a good two points . this director should have taken the trouble to watch 'lawrence of arabia ' , or even sergio leone 's westerns ; he might have learnt a few things . but then again , probably he would n't . alfred hitchcock played the disappearing wife theme to good effect in his film 'frantic ' . it was later remade with equal panache staring harrison ford . in each case the confusion surrounding her loss and the tension of the chase was tangible . here , when michael caine might be otherwise compelled to employ a little brain and bravado , rex harrison kept popping-up out of no-where like some wily old genii , to put him back on track whenever the narrative stumbled . at least the photography was rather good , with excellent use of the often beautiful environment . but then the dumb music must pipe-up and blow to atoms what little ambiance this created . action scenes were also contrived and stilted , with such ineptly choreographed fight sequences that they might have been staged in a first-year drama class . and , of course , the players must fight to a jazz accompaniment - as you do . and that 's about as much comment as this item deserves . except to say that the script was pretty wretched as well . stick with your hobby on this one . even if it contained your favourite movie-stars , you 're sure to be disappointed too .
i am one of the biggest fans of silent comedians and have probably reviewed more buster keaton films for imdb than any other person . every film he made from the beginning of his career to the early 30s with only two exceptions have i reviewed , so you can tell i am a major fan . it 's because of this that i found this episode so painful and hard to watch . i loved this man 's films and kept thinking `` buster , how could you ? ! '' . well , now that i think about it , i guess i can see why buster keaton starred in this god-awful episode of the twilight zone . he 'd lost much of his fortune after a messy divorce in the early 1930s and his film career as a leading man was long passed as well . now , in the 1960s , keaton needed the money and loved his resurgence in popularity so he whored himself out to anyone willing to pay -- appearing in beach films and this mess of an episode of a great series . the biggest problem with the episode is that it is just terribly written and buster deserved much better . the show is supposed to be funny but is n't and instead of a homage to silent films is just painful to watch -- particularly with keaton putting that stupid time travel helmet on as well as all the poorly executed slapstick . do yourself a favor , skip this one -- it 's a pale imitation of the greatness that once was keaton 's career ! ! !
well , what can it be said about this disaster ? i watched it because it aired on cable . i regret for wasting my time but at least i did n't waste money . the creature is the cheesiest you can get ! please , you need to be very generous not to get angered by the cheap halloween costume . oh well , there are also displays of horrible acting , f/x , and dialogues . the confrontation with the creature is unbelievable , you ca n't get a more pathetic scene . this is the worst you can get from direct to video flicks . `` creature unknown '' makes full moon pictures movies look like `` halloween '' . avoid this one at all costs , please . the only `` positive '' thing about this trash are the sexy women .
i * loved * the original scary movie . i 'm a huge fan of parody- it is my favorite form of humor . it is sometimes regarded as the most intelligent form of humor . the wayans boys seemed to grasp that concept perfectly in the original film , then temporarily forgot it when making the sequel . i think the wayans ' are a family of comical geniuses . alas , even geniuses make mistakes . the movie begins with promise . i liked `` the exorcist '' parody , especially the `` come on out , ma '' gag . now , that 's wayans-quality material . but , other than that , i can only think of two other times i laughed : 1 ) when tori spelling is seduced in the middle of the night by a spirit , then becomes clingy and starts talking about marriage with him . meanwhile , he 's saying , `` it was just a booty call ! ! '' that was kinda funny . 2 ) the `` save the last dance '' parody where the cindy character inadvertently beats up a girl while practicing her new moves . but even the short-lived giggles are no match for the side-splitting laughs of the first scary movie . the rest of the movie is pure trash , filled with cheap gross-out gags . jokes from the first movie which were subtle or implied are magnified and overdone . for example , in scary movie i , several innuendos are made to imply that the character ray is gay . this was hilarious . but , in scary movie ii , the whole penis-strangulation scene with ray under the bed was mind-numbing and incredibly unfunny . this is the pattern of the whole film . shock humor * alone * does n't take a movie very far . this was a trend in 2000 and 2001 , unfortunately . as much as it pains me to rate a wayans movie so low , i have to give this one a 2 out of 10 .
yes , i know i 'm one of the few people longing to trample this movie into the dust of oblivion.so let me me tell you why i feel this way . in truth , had it been advertized as a zombie film or the like , i might have enjoyed it.but right now , i 'm totally speechless . * spoiler ... though i 'm not sure what 's to spoil * let 's start with the first huge flaw . if i did not know that the movie is called `` darkness - the vampire version '' and had i not seen some sequences where some individuals seem to be sucking blood , i would not have seen the connection with vampires . i mean , fangless ? ? ? ? give me a break ! ! ! second bad point : what 's with the metal ? it appears that all young people , but mainly those so-called `` vampires '' , are into various kinds of metal , judging mainly by their shirts ! do n't get me wrong , i 've been into the more extreme forms of music for almost 15 years , but nobody 's going to scare me by showing me some ridiculous teenagers in iron maiden ( of all bands ! ! ! ) t-shirts running around , pretending to be vampires ! `` pathetic '' is the only only word that i could use here . third weakness : the actors . wait a minute . what actors ? ! you mean the director 's wooden friends ! words would be a waste here . yes , alright , the movie is very gory , but what difference does that make ? it would have been a strong point and something to enjoy if the `` briliant '' director had not chosen to create an artificial vampire topic in this movie . i wanted to see vampires , but was treated to some stupid looking kids i would have loved to use my baseball bat on . the film-makers should simply have advertized the movie saying `` cheap b-grade horror with no plot but a lot of gore '' ! ! ! this movie is blasphemy against the whole concept of vampirism . and it makes me sick .
`` black angel '' is minor whodunit , with june vincent as a woman trying to save her husband from the electric chair after he is found guilty of killing an old acquaintance . dan duryea ( the husband of the murdered woman ) decides to help vincent find the real culprit . peter lorre has one thankless role as a suspect . this film noir looks and plays like a cheap programmer , never achieving anything special . it is pleasant enough but then , at some point , it stops making sense and the solution to the mystery provokes one of those big `` give me a break '' reactions . that ending alone could have sank the film completely , but what precedes the conclusion is not very good either . vincent is a wimpy heroine and duryea was never very good at playing good guys . i love film noirs , but this one was a real disappointment .
to grasp where this 1976 version of a star is born is coming from consider this : its final number is sung by barbra streisand in a seven minute and forty second close-up , followed by another two-and-half-minute freeze frame of ms. streisand -- striking a christ-like pose -- behind the closing credits . over ten uninterrupted minutes of barbra 's distinctive visage dead center , filling the big screen with uncompromising ego . that just might be some sort of cinematic record . or think about this : the plot of this musical revolves around a love affair between two musical superstars , yet , while streisand 's songs are performed in their entirety -- including the interminable finale -- her costar kris kristofferson is n't allowed to complete even one single song he performs . nor , though she does allow him to contribute a little back up to a couple of her ditties , do they actually sing a duet . or consider this : streisand 's name appears in the credits at least six times , including taking credit for `` musical concepts '' and her wardrobe ( from her closet ) -- and she also allegedly wanted , but failed to get co-directing credit as well . one of her credits was as executive producer , with a producer credit going to her then-boyfriend and former hairdresser , jon peters . as such , streisand controlled the final cut of the film , which explains why it is so obsessed with skewing the film in her direction . what it does n't explain is how come , given every opportunity to make the great diva look good , their efforts only make streisand look bad . even though this was one of streisand 's greatest box office hits , it is arguably her worst film and contains her worst performance . anyway , moving the melodrama from hollywood to the world of sex-drugs-and-rock'n'roll , streisand plays esther hoffman , a pop singer on the road to stardom , who shares the fast lane for a while with kristofferson 's john norman howard , a hard rocker heading for the off ramp to has-beenville . in the previous incarnations of the story , `` norman maine '' sacrifices his leading man career to help newcomer `` vicky lester '' achieve her success . in the feminist seventies , streisand & co. want to make it clear that their heroine owes nothing to a man , so the trajectory is skewed ; she 'll succeed with or without him and he is pretty much near bottom from scene one ; he 's a burden she must endure in the name of love . as such , there is an obvious effort to make the leading lady not just tougher , but almost ruthless , while her paramour comes off as a henpecked twit . kristofferson schleps through the film with a credible indifference to the material ; making little attempt to give much of a performance , and oddly it serves his aimless , listless character well . streisand , on the other hand , exhibits not one moment of honesty in her entire time on screen . everything she does seems , if not too rehearsed , at least too controlled . even her apparent ad libs seem awkwardly premeditated and her moments of supposed hysteria coldly mechanical . the two have no chemistry , making the central love affair totally unbelievable . you might presume that his character sees in her a symbol of his fading youth and innocence , though at age 34 , streisand does n't seem particularly young or naive . the only conceivable attraction he might offer to her is that she can exploit him as a faster route to stardom . and , indeed , had the film had the guts to actually play the material that way , to make streisand 's character openly play an exploitive villain , the film might have had a spark and maybe a reason to exist . but i guess the filmmakers actually see esther as a sympathetic victim ; they do n't seem to be aware just how cold-blooded and self absorbed she is . but sensitivity is not one of the film 's strong points : note the petty joke of giving barbra two african american back up singers just so the film can indulge in the lame racism of calling the trio the oreos . and the film makes a big deal of pointing out that esther retains her ethnic identity by using her given name of hoffman , yet the filmmakers have changed the character 's name of the previous films from `` esther blodgett '' so that streisand wo n't be burdened with a name that is too jewish or too unattractive . so much for ethnic pride . the backstage back stabbing and backbiting that proceeded the film 's release is near legendary , so the fact that the film ended up looking so polished is remarkable . nominal director frank pierson seems to have delivered the raw material for a good movie , with considerable help from ace cinematographer robert surtees . and the film did serve its purpose , producing a soundtrack album of decent pop tunes ( including the oscar-winning `` evergreen '' by paul williams and streisand ) . but overall the film turned out to be the one thing streisand reportedly claimed she did n't want it to be , a vanity project .
do not watch this movie if you loved the classics such as tom wopat , john schneider , catherine bach , sorrell booke , james best , denver pyle , sonny shroyer , and ben jones ! this movie will dissappoint you badly ! first of all , this movie starts out with bo and luke running moonshine for jesse . bo and luke would not do that ever on the real series ! this movie portrays unimaginable characters doing things that never would have happened in the series . in the series , uncle jesse was honest , and law-abiding . in this movie , he is a criminal who is making moonshine and smoking weed with the governor of georgia . plus , if this was an extension adding on to the dukes of hazzard reunion ! and the dukes of hazzard in hollywood , i have one question : how could uncle jesse be making moonshine when he died before the dukes of hazzard in hollywood movie ? and how is boss hogg alive when he died before the reunion movie in 1997 ! movie and rosco ran hazzard ? it seems magical that these characters came back to life , when they have been dead for 11 and 8 years ? if hollywood really wanted to make a good movie , they should have brought back james best , john schneider , tom wopat , ben jones , and catherine bach like they did in 1997 and 2000 and made a family friendly movie with the living original characters that made the show what it was and still is compared to this disgusting , disgraced movie ! if you want to see good dukes movies , either buy the original series , or go out to walmart.com and buy the dvd set of 2 that includes the reunion , and dukes of hazzard in hollywood movies ! they both star the original cast , and are family friendly ! do n't waste your time on a movie that is n't worth the cd it 's written on !
this movie is like the thousand `` cat and mouse '' movies that preceded it . ( the following may look like a spoiler , but it really just describes a large class of movies ) there is the passionate , wise main character , his goofy but well-meaning sidekick with his ill-placed attempts at humorous comments , the initially-hostile but soon softened gorgeous lady who triggers the inevitable `` unlikely '' love story , the loved ones taken hostage , and of course the careless evil adversary with his brutal minions . everybody has seen tons of these movies already , and `` national treasure '' is like any one of them , with only a slightly modified wrapping . every turn of the story was easily predicted ( and i can assure you i am not the sharpest tool in the shed ) . i am quite tired of feeling tricked for money after exiting the theater from a hollywood movie , and if you have ever felt that way too , heed my warning ; stay miles away from this movie .
this is not a very good movie , but it 's not a stinker either . it is very confusing and unnecessarily long so rent it at your own risk . my gf and i have figured this movie out ( we think ) so here it is : * * * major spoilers below * * * firstly , this movie is actually quite simple after you remove all of the confusing unconscious-dream-state junk ( 95 % of the movie . ) ignoring the junk , what really happened is this : a group of school friends go to a rave one night . they leave and get into a car accident where everyone but cassie and sean die . that 's the simple cut down version . ( that 's right , i said sean , bear with me ) right after the accident , cassie lays in the hospital stuck in between life & death right up until the very end of the movie . this is where the dream part starts . the movie is called soul survivors , right ? cassie 's mind and soul carries on after the accident interacting with the other souls ( annie , matt , raven , the 2 weirdos and jude ) along with images conjured up by her mind ( sean , school and everything else around her ) . the souls continue doing what they were defined as : annie the rave-going chick , the 2 weirdo-killers ( from opening scene ) , father jude still helping people etc . we are then taken on a very long ride , shown lots of images ( many of which my gf and i still ca n't tie in ) but it all boils down to it not being cassie 's time to die . at the end , cassie wakes up in the hospital after being `` dead '' for a while . her family and sean are there . this is reality again . she 's ok. then the director adds a little extra spice by trying to confuse us again by showing a little dream snippet of her in the wheelchair being strangled . but this part is really just a nightmare , and she wakes up beside sean , obviously still dealing with her traumatic experience . due to space restrictions , we did n't cover every little thing , but feel free to drop us an e-mail if you want to .
i am so appalled by this documentary . i am deeply embarrassed and ashamed by the way puertoricans were portrayed . this documentary was not about the culture of puertoricans . it was about the culture of nuyoricans . puertoricans and nuyoricans are two different cultures . very different cultures and should not be generalized to the puerto rican population . rosie , before you make a documentary , you need to do the research . you also need to check and make sure your sources are credible . puerto ricans are not all loud and they do have class , which is one thing the documentary lacked to show . when i saw rosie and jimmie on the view and rosie on martha stewart i was very excited about watching . i even made sure to let my parents know since they love puerto rico so much . after the first five minutes i could not believe how the documentary bashed the us and made puerto ricans look like a bunch of guinea pigs . you need to go and visit puerto rico and you will see that puerto rico is not a 3rd world country where more than 50 % of the population is in poverty . puerto rico has colleges and well known universities , roads , cars , shopping centers , malls ( the largest kmart and jcpenney 's i 've ever seen ) , restaurants , theaters , beaches , hotels ( ritz , hilton , etc . ) , casinos , churches , agriculture , auto expresso , and restaurants just to name a few . poverty ? not 50 % of the population is . puerto rican culture is about family , music , food , celebrating , and trying to move forward not backward . oh , and new cousins do n't just pop up out of no where . no that is not a puerto rican thing , that is a ghetto thing . we are not bastards . parents of puertorican descent who would like to teach their children about puerto rico should invest in a trip with the family so they can see first hand what puerto rico is all about . they will see its beauty , people and culture . please do n't show them this documentary because it will only cloud their minds with negativity . oh , and please do n't tell your american friends to watch this documentary because it will only make the puertorican people look ignorant . yes , i am born and raised puerto rican from the island . just so you know !
this is one of the weakest soft porn film around . i ca n't believe somebody wrote this stupid story before making some changes . the guy mike is a major wimp and moron i ca n't believe he did n't want to take a shower with his bride-to-be toni and be in a threesome with the french photographer jan . he does do a threesome with toni and kristi but that was short i hate that every time in soft core porn films threesomes between a woman , a man , and a woman is short but a girl-girl thing is about an hour . to the makers of these films have the threesomes alot longer this film should 've have two threesome scenes not one but two .
`` raising victor vargas '' is one of those light , family movies that you can watch and do the n.y. times crossword puzzle at the same time . and if you want to go to the kitchen for a taco and a corona , you do n't have to `` pause '' the dvd . just let it roll , 'cause you wo n't be missing anything really important . no twists , turns , or tension . it 's not really an ethnic movie , it 's a movie about a poor , struggling immigrant family that happens to be latino . they could have been any ethnic group . it made very little difference . i 've seen it all a zillion times before . just plug in a jewish family , an italian family , a black family , or an irish family . just the accents and names were different . if the vargas family was named bush or clinton and were presbyterians , the movie would have been a total snooze . it 's funny that the critics here could n't get the locale straight . some said it was spanish harlem . some the bronx , and another brooklyn . as a life-long new yorker , i vote for the lower east side . and it seemed that the family never met up with anyone except other latinos . they lived in an insulated/isolated little enclave . some interaction with non-latinos might have created some excitement , interest , or tension . remember west side story ? and now for the oft-criticized cinematography . i do n't know if it was my tv or what , but all the indoor shots looked very orange to me . the apt , the furniture , and the faces were all orange . what was that supposed to mean ? and the apt . did look pretty cramped to me . somebody here mentioned that the old apt's/tenements had very big rooms . well , maybe 50 years ago . what landlords have done is to break up one big apt into 2 or 3 very small ones and squeeze as many immigrants as they can into them . and another annoying thing .... this is the second family movie i 've seen and criticized this week that featured a teenage boy `` jerking off '' . is this private sex act necessary for us to watch ? please spare me ! what 's up with these directors ? so `` victor vargas '' is a pleasant little movie . it was nice for a change to see young latino actors given a break and a chance to show their talents , which they did . but the writers let them down , giving them a flat , unspectacular script to work with . enjoy the show , but keep your fingers near the `` fast forward '' button .
this was a blind buy used dvd . it totally killed a nice buzz i had going when i hit play . it 's bubble-headed comedy , but it 's um . squalid . the plot is zany ! , but the characters do things to each other that are so petty and disturbed and conveniently contrived i ultimately found it depressing to watch . maybe the box lead me to expect something more than an uneven , goofy caper film . ( i know , i know , the quotes on the box & the academy award nomination mean nothing . )
slackers is just another teen movie that 's not really worth watching . dave ( devon sawa ) , sam ( jason segel ) and jeff ( michael c. maronna ) are about to graduate from holden university with honors in lying , cheating and scheming . the three roommates have proudly scammed their way through the last four years of college and now , during final exams , these big-men-on-campus are about to be busted by the most unlikely dude in school . the plot is very stupid and there 's no reason why to watch this unless your looking to shut off you brain for a little while . slackers is just a predictable teen flick that really adds nothing new to the genre . the comedy in slackers is either hit or miss but there 's no real true funny or original moment in the movie . its really just a collection of gags and some are actually pretty funny . though for every joke that works there 's at least eight more that do n't . the screenplay is full of penis and breast jokes that some high school and college students may enjoy . even if they do they probably wo n't remember this film after awhile as its not a very memorable comedy . jason schwartzman plays the freaky ethan and after appearing in some good comedies he has stoop pretty low . jaime king and devon sawa are the other main stars but they do a rather poor job in this film . this is directed by dewey nicks and this is his first film so you ca n't blame him too much . the funniest character was probably laura prepon though , she 's not in the movie very much . the film is very short at only 86 minutes long however , that may be too long for some people who do n't really like this type of humor . slackers is n't the worst film of 2002 but certainly is below average . when compared to other films in the genre there 's a lot better out there such as not another teen movie , american pie and its sequels , scary movie 1 & 2 etc . so unless you have seen most of them and you 're looking for something new then slackers might fit that bill but its better if you just watch something else . rating 4.3/10 a below average teen comedy that 's worth skipping .
this inept adaptation of arguably one of martin amis 's weaker novels fails to even draw comparisons with other druggy oeuvres such as requiem for a dream or anything penned by irvine walsh as it struggles to decide whether it is a slap-stick cartoon or a hyper-realistic hallucination . boringly directed by william marsh in over-saturated hues , a group of public school drop-outs converge in a mansion awaiting the appearance of three american friends for a weekend of decadent drug-taking . and that 's it . except for the ludicrous sub-plot soon-to-be-the-main-plot nonsense about an extremist cult group who express themselves with the violent killings of the world 's elite figures , be it political or pampered . within the first reel you know exactly where this is going . what is a talented actor like paul bettany doing in this tiresome , badly written bore ? made prior to his rise to fame and jennifer connelly one can be assured that had he been offered this garbage now he 'd have immediately changed agents ! avoid .
my first review of 2010 is `` into the blue 2 : the reef '' . the story is about two divers played by chris carmack and laura vandervoort who love to explore hidden treasures at a bottom of a local reef . one day after a day of exploring they are approached by a couple played by david anders and marsha thomason . they tell the young divers that they want to hire them to explore the reef and find a rare artifact about columbus ' hidden treasure that is reported at the bottom of the reef . next day the four dive to the bottom of the reef and of coarse after a whole day of diving they find nothing . a few more days past and the two hired divers found out that they a part of a major deadly plot in which they ca n't escape otherwise they will be killed . they were hired to find two big containers . one contains a nuclear reactor and the other contains a core . the movie also has a back story about another person ( brother of the lead character ) trying to patch things up with his girlfriend , i reckon this part of the story was a waste of time , this also includes a very steamy sex scene between the couple which to me is a complete waste and was n't needed to be shown . however apart from that , this movie does have some good underwater photography and the colors blend in well which is why it receives 4 stars . into the blue 2 is a sequel only by name . none of the original actors or characters return , it has a dumb plot , stupid characters and a boring climax .
some gorehound-friends recommended `` live feed '' to me , and basically i ca n't really complain as the film certainly does deliver copious amounts of gross smut and buckets full of sleaze , but it is of course not a very good film . more than obviously cashing in on the latest trend in horror cinema , the so-called torture porn , ryan nicholson tries to surpass every other film in this sub genre ( and that includes the role models `` hostel '' and `` saw '' ) with its sick & twisted make-up effects and thoroughly depraved shots of naked co-eds tried up , suffering and begging for their lives . there 's no actual plot to describe . five utterly brainless twenty-something friends take a trip to asia . one of them has asian roots , but other than that i do n't really know why they opted to travel there instead of to cancun . they 're clearly not interested in the continents culture and even cause a hectic scene when they witness a local butchering a cute puppy dog on the market . the quintet subsequently dives into the lurid night life and one of them accidentally insults the leader of a criminal clan . a simply apology clearly does n't suffice , as the gangster follow them into an adult theater and gradually subject all of them to vicious torture . one girl has her breast impaled and another poor wench even has a poisonous snake shoved down her throat ; yikes . `` live feed '' is surprisingly boring despite of all the bloodshed and the amateurish production values are quite difficult to overlook , even if you 're used to watching independent fan-boy trash cinema like this . the fat bloke depicted on the cover , an oriental s & m executioner , is admittedly quite cool and he 's also the most talented of the whole bunch , because he at least keeps his mouth shut the entire time . i would n't exactly recommend this pile of filth , but hey , if you like loud & hideous metal music , nauseating torture footage and dim-witted losers , go right ahead and watch !
yes , i am just going to tell you about this one so do n't read if you want surprises . i got this one with the title christmas evil . there was also another christmas horror on the dvd called silent night , bloody night . whereas silent night , bloody night ( not to be confused with silent night , deadly night ) had lots of potential and was very close to being good , this one was n't quite as good . it started out interesting enough watching the villain ( if you can call him that ) watching the neighborhood kids and writing in books about who is naughty and nice , but after awhile you are looking for some action and this movie does n't deliver . you need character development , but this goes overboard and you are still never sure why the heck the guy snaps . about an hour in he kills three of four people while a whole crowd watches in terror , and the guys he kills are n't even his targets they are just making fun of him . this is one of many unsuccessful attempts by the killer to knock of the naughty . he then proceeds to try and kill this other guy , and he tries to break into his house by squeezing himself into the fireplace . he promptly gets stuck and barely manages to get out . he then enters through the basement and then tries to kill the guy by smothering him in his bedroom . he ca n't seem to kill the guy this way so he grabs a star off the tree and slits the guys throat . what the heck was a tree even doing in the bedroom in the first place ? oh yeah , the killer before this kill stopped off at a party and had some fun too . well that is about it except for the town people chasing him with torches and the unresolved part with his brother and that tune he wants to play . what was that even about ? he kept talking about something that was never really explained . how does it end you ask , well since i have spoilers i will tell you . he runs off the road in his van and proceeds to , well lets just say it was lame ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
interesting to read comments by viewers regarding omega code ... many of the overwhelmingly positive comments were lifted almost word for word from tbn broadcasts ... the movie looks as if it were made to go directly to video , to be stocked besides the three-part rapture series that was done by some other religious group in the 70s .. dont remember it ? you wont remember this one either in a year or two . this is the first movie i have ever seen where it was implied that it was your religious duty to go to it and buy as many tickets as possible to save souls ... very shameful ... this just goes to show that if you are a televangelist 's son , you too can play high-roller hollywood producer with lil ole ladies tithe money ...
i rented this on dvd and i kind of feel bad since dawson and lugacy are so earnest about it in the dvd comments . it 's not a bad movie exactly , but it 's one of those films that desperately wants to be a deep comment on human nature while not realizing that its story is practically a genre . plus , it is a little simplistic about the issue in a lot of ways , and the characters ' behavior often strains belief . i 'd say its a film that you would get something out of if you do n't have a lot of film/tv/literature/life behind you ( to be honest , i 've seen almost exactly the same story in horror comics even ) . otherwise , its point has been made before and more artfully . and that gets to the big problem , which is that it really does n't have much of cinematic interest to it besides the point . it ends up being a fairly bland movie overall that invests everything in the idea that the basic story will be shocking and compelling , and it does n't really pay off .
i went in not knowing anything about this movie and i walked out in an half hour knowing everything about it . it was one of worst movies i 've ever seen . i 'm a generally a nice person but if somebody told me they liked this movie , i would probably never talk to them again . anybody who likes it throughly is most likely to have an extremely dry , hermit type personality . i 'm gon na also include that they think they are pretty intelligent too , just like the self-centered fart bags who do the voices for the movie . i know everyone has different types of humor , some people may not even like mine , but that 's okay ; i do n't think this covers any range of humor though . this movie is as flat and dull as wes anderson 's mind . go in and get ready to walk out ; it 's best to get your money back too .
sure i 've seen bad movies in my life , but this one was so bad that i actually became angry in the theater . i wanted my money back . i wrote to the director asking him to refund my movie ticket , of course i did n't receive a refund ( or even a reply ) but it 's the point that matters . on a scale of 1-10 i give this movie a -42 . why did the `` jeep '' ( chevy blazer ? ? ) stop running from being hit with a bat ? why did they hit the `` jeep '' ( chevy blazer ? ? ? ? ? ) with the bat in the first place instead of cracking the bum 's skull ? the plot was thin , the movie filled with obvious clichés , and certain parts of it just did n't make any sense .
it is considered fashion to highlight every social evil as a result of patriarchy and male dominance , however moronic this illogical 'logic ' may be . however within the story and theme of the film , there is no grey area and the woman who should be called the film 's antagonist , is the `` villain of the story '' . under no circumstances can what she did be justified . sexuality of women is just hype in this case and has nothing to do with the actuality . it is betrayal of the ultimate sort . the man ended up spending his resources and time in the wasteful raising of another man 's offspring . to top it all , the most feeble of arguments raised by the 3 'liberated ' female characters in the climax is pathetic . a woman 's sexual needs are no excuse for her to commit adultery and continually betray her husband and worse , there are no other children . so in essence his life has been wasted . in some societies where justice still prevails , such situations result in the execution of the unjust .
the writing of the journalists and the required over eager reckless press officer and sobbing grandma was ham-fisted and cliché ridden . i cant blame the actors , but surely someone must have said `` are you joking i cant say this ! '' this episode had a press perspective and police perspective , while the police perspective was standard enough , the press perspective and characterization was overdrawn exaggerated and at points insultingly unbelievable . i notice that this was an hbo co production , if so then perhaps the sledgehammer stereotypes can be explained in that light , i was completely cringing during the press conference scene . it lacked any credibility and did not remotely ring true . 40 minutes into the first episode and i am still waiting for the suspense . skip five daysthis . the 2008/9 production with these characters is far better and more suspenseful even if the crime is over the top . this story had unforgivable moments which can only be described as staggeringly unbelievable . for a press officer to start a press conference without an investigating officer present to take press questions . so unbelievable it felt like amateur hour . i then began looking for journalists called `` scoop '' and for perry white to make an appearance . i saw the 2009 hunter before `` five days '' made it to australia , not realizing it was a prequel and was looking forward to bonneville and mcteer going around again . head shakingly awful .
my friends and i went into this movie not knowing what to expect , but hoping for the best . when we came out , we were only slightly more informed on what the plot of the movie actually was . though not the worst movie i 've ever seen , i definitely do not recommend spending your money to see it in theaters . maybe have a friend rent it for you ( it 's not even worth the rental cost , either ) if you really want to see it . when a movie is so convoluted that you have no idea what 's going on until the last five minutes , there 's really not much that can be said in its defense . the acting was decent , more than you 'd expect to get from this movie , and some of the shots were good , but it was all bogged down by a lame plot and poor script . this movie was actually so bad that as soon as it got out , i went and purchased a ticket to see a good movie just to cleanse my mind . i recommend that all of you just skip the first step and go see a good movie instead .
generally over rated movie which boasts a strong cast and some clever dialog and of course dean martin songs . problem is nicholas cage , there is no chemistry between he and cher and they are the central love story . cher almost makes up for this with her reactions to cage 's shifting accent and out of control body language . cage simply never settles into his role . he tries everything he can think of and comes across as an actor rather than real person and that 's what 's needed in a love story . cage has had these same kind of performance problems in other roles that require more of a jimmy stewart type character . cage keeps taking these roles , perhaps because he likes those kind of movies but his own energy as an actor does n't lend itself to them , though he 's gotten better at it with repeated attempts . he should leave these type of roles to less interesting actors who would fully commit to the film and spend his energy and considerable talent in more off beat roles and films where he can be his crazy interesting self .
i love movies , and i 'll watch any movie all the way through , just to give it a chance . i can finally say that i found a movie i ca n't watch all the way through . the acting is terribly stale and monotone , the cgi looks like a computer geek did it in his mother 's basement with minimal software , and ..... the long scenes of just ... walking ! ! ! ! and this movie is three hours long ! ! ! i did n't even make it 15 minutes until i fast forwarded the dvd . the scenes with the aliens are very short . ummm , instead of naming this `` war of the worlds '' , lets name this `` war of the walking long distances '' . this cost 5 million dollars to make ! what they spend the money on , the dramatic opening song ? oh , but on a positive note , one scene you need to watch is when the aliens first begin killing people . that 's hilarious , not because people are dying , but because when they turn to skeletons , they still squirm for 20 seconds afterward . so .... like i said , if you are a fan of boring , stale , action-less movies , here is one for you dvd collection . but i did n't write this for you , i wrote this for the billions upon billions of other people who will hate this movie . it is not worth your time or money i know this is by the book , but the book is n't that long , and i 'm a complete book worm/nerd/geek/whatever , but why ? just get the steven spielberg version , it 's not all that good , but it 's 10 times better than this ! ! i give this a big , fat zero out of 10 .
i noticed `` fire '' was on cable the other night and i began watching it because i could n't recall anything specific about it other than i remember it being a horrible film when i saw it back in '85 . twenty years later the film is still awful . besides the synthesizer , the saxophone was the most abused instrument in pop music during the 1980s , as is evident in the title song . hearing that song again made me want to jab a screwdriver in my ears to end the sonic misery inflicted upon them . and to compound this musical assault rob lowe 's character played saxophone , and there was one scene where he played a solo that went on and on like he was charlie parker , only his shrill tone and playing were more reminiscent of a monkey playing a kazoo . all the characters were intensely unappealing , although i must say they did a great job of casting equally unappealing actors to portray them . actually i thought mare winningham was appealing , and i initially felt sorry for her character because she wore funny underwear , but then near the end of the movie she decides to have sex with rob lowe 's character who would probably be voted most likely to transfer a variety of sexual diseases if such thing were voted upon .
i question its importance to queer cinema as it seems to be more about having a homosexual encounter via violent behavior than making any clear statements regarding homosexuality and violence . three tales are tangled together in a rather sloppy manner . i found myself trying to untangle the messy narrative in the first 15 minutes , that alone did n't sit well with me . weak plot points were endlessly repeated as though we might not have gotten it the first 10 times . there was a feeling of padded dialog throughout the film . more like a 45 minute boy 's brief short rather than a fleshed out full-length film . it had a certain erotic flair , male nudity and sex appeal but overall the sum did not equal its parts . the 1st part : boxer/stalker storyline was the strongest and yet it too felt like it had been pulled thin . bob has been following tim for four years and only now is he confronting him ? i felt as though their cat-mouse game was not developed enough to merit its conclusion . we needed more information about them and less parking lot/locker scenes with tim relentlessly saying `` what do you want ? '' the 2nd part : danny wants his buddy , tony , to beat him up while he jacks-off . tony does n't seem to mind , but he does n't even appear interested in exploring the implications of his homo erotic hobby -- not even after they do it in the nude . this tale lacks the all-important transition from `` i 'm a straight boy smacking my guy friend around for fun '' to `` i think i might be gay and hitting him because i 'd like to spread his ass and do him s/m style . '' a very important thing to leave out . clearly these stories each could have conveyed their points in half the time . the 3rd part with the man and woman slapping each other around adds to that thought . furthermore , it was unnecessary and added nothing to the film . yes , the actors did a fine job under the circumstances and the four male leads were very sexy . the make-up ( bruises and cuts ) however was on par with a grammar school talent show . there was n't enough meat to this story to have any impact on the gay politic . the film made no statement , squandered time , and is not engaging or worthy enough for thoughtful investment . its fatal flaw is its amateurish approach , that makes it ultimately impossible to take seriously .
this is one of the worst horror movies i have ever seen ... unfortunately , i am a horror movie buff and will rent any horror movie unless it 's not made for t.v . when looking at the box it says it is rated r for gore and some language ... where was the gore ? was their one good death scene where you actually saw gore ? i could have overlooked that if there had been some brief nudity or some good dialogue . there was n't even one remotely witty or amusing line in this lame movie . sometimes horror movies are awesome because they are so stupid , but this was just sad .
this movie is rated a classic on sentiment not on any quality of movie-making . it moves from the unlikely to the unbelievable , from the unrealistic to the ludicrous . the unbelievable plot revolves around an attempt by two british soldiers and a hindu gofer to rescue a third soldier who has been captured by insurgent indians . in the later scene we see a full regiment with drum and bagpipes marching into an ambush . in the british army , a sergeant does not order up a rescue attempt , and if you get past that , he does not attempt it with only one other soldier and an indian servant when there is a full regiment on hand . the indian insurgents are so incredibly inept it is laughable ... there are hundreds of them but they ca n't hold their prisoner or kill the two rescuers , of course not . at one point we see the british soldiers throwing blocks of stone down from the battlements at the insurgents , who are scattered around the mountainside in ambush ... one would have to have an eggplant for a brain to think this would do any damage . after cary grant as the rescued prisoner is shot , he lies on the floor looking around at the water boy ... hardly the actions of someone who has been shot in the back . the water boy bravely blows a bugle ( which comes from nowhere ) to sound the alarm ... this he does by standing up high on a wall so he can be seen and shot by the bad guys , and we shed a tear as he keeps trying to sound more notes as he is repeatedly shot and the bugle call breaks up into feeble squawks ... instead of blowing the bugle while hiding behind cover as anybody with half a brain would do . this scene has deservedly been parodied in comedy sketches . if they wanted to make a buster keaton comedy , they should have hired keaton and done it better .
this film was not nearly as much of a chore as i expected it to be . there are a few seconds of brilliance in this somewhat idiotic hardcore ufo conspiracy paranoia-fest . most of the acting is mediocre , but fairly typical for 1970s-style stuff replete with pregnant pauses . a photographer and a model witness some strange goings-on in the woods and soon fall victim to these same goings-on . flying saucers are spotted , more people disappear - but is it the aliens or our own government 's ultra-secret group of cover-up guys ? soon enough , a reporter and a `` ufologist '' ( apparently modeled on the character of the writer-director ) are drawn into this unraveling fiasco and become the target of the ultra-secret agents who are as menacing as they are improbable and witless . then the fun really begins . the movie , predictably , makes about as much sense as the average ufo conspiracy theory , but should be commended for taking itself so seriously . the camera work is ok for a low-budget film , the pacing is pretty good , the script is silly and absurd , and there are continuity issues which are fun to look out for . what are the few seconds of brilliance i mentioned ? honestly , i ca n't say much you without writing a spoiler . suffice to say that the end of the film is , at least , worth fast-forwarding to if you ca n't take the middle .
few movies have dashed expectations and upset me as much as fire has . the movie is pretentious garbage . it does not achieve anything at an artistic level . the only thing it managed to receive is a ban in india . if only it was because of the poor quality of film making rather than the topical controversy , the ban would have been more justifiable . now that i 've got my distress out of my system , i am more able to analyse the movie : * from the onset the movie feels unreal especially when the protagonists start conversing in english . the director , of course , did not make the movie for an indian audience ; however it underestimated its international audiences by over simplifying it . watching the character of the domestic help conversing in perfect english is too unreal to be true . * next we get regular glimpses into radha 's dreams . these scenes are not very effective . they coming up as jarring and obstruct the flow of the movie . i 'm still wondering how that philosophical dialogue connected to the story . i felt that the surrealism was lost . * the love scenes felt voyeuristic and are probably meant for audience titillation rather than being a powerful statement . in any case , they do not achieve either of the two . * the names chosen for the women , radha and sita , are names of hindu deities and hence been selected to shock the audiences . however , since the film was n't meant for indian audiences in the first place , the shock-through-name-selection is not meant to achieve its goal , which is absurd . * the quality of direction is very poor and some key and delicate scenes have been poorly handled . a better director could have made a powerful emotional drama out of the subject . * the acting felt wooden although nandita das brought some life into the role , the others were wasted . i always thought that shabana azmi was a good actress but her talent is not evident in this film . the male leads were outright rubbish . in case you are a fan of earth and wish to see more of the director , stay away from this one . please .
please do not waste +/- 2 hours of your life watching this movie - just do n't . especially if someone is fortunate to be snoozing at the side of you . damn cheek if you ask me . i waited for something to happen - it never did . i am not one of those people to stop watching a movie part way through . i always have to see it through to the end . what a huge mistake . do yourself a favour and go and paint a wall and watch it dry - far more entertaining . please do not waste +/- 2 hours of your life watching this movie - just do n't . especially if someone is fortunate to be snoozing at the side of you . damn cheek if you ask me . i waited for something to happen - it never did . i am not one of those people to stop watching a movie part way through . i always have to see it through to the end . what a huge mistake . do yourself a favour and go and paint a wall and watch it dry - far more entertaining .
this movie starts presenting a somehow original idea but became a great frustration later on . what is the deal of having an original start if the rest of the movie did little to avoid a clichéd plot ? the movie itself is very unbelievable . i would like to know how exactly someone enters a clinic , gets a nurse outfit , kills a doctor , takes out a patient in her bed , puts into his chevy pickup and leaves ? i guess no one could answer this question , so they just jumped to the other scene hiding these little details . the performances are just plain bad . the villain is just another `` annoying crazy antagonist '' , no deepness , totally linear character . after 20 minutes of film , most scenes are unbelievable , seemed like they were put there just for the sake of the 90 minutes since they were totally unneeded . a doctor see a woman clearly under strong medication , is denied to examine her , gets kicked out of the house and simply leaves quiet ? the ending scene made me burst into laugher , only mickey mouse could make it more out of reality . i 'm giving it 2 out of 10 for the first lets say 10 minutes of movie .
i thought that this movie was pretty lame . if you 're looking for cheesey , you may like this . i , myself , do n't mind a fair amount of cheese , but this was ridiculous . the progression of the movie bored me and the storyline was very weak . the only thing entertaining about this movie was the day-glo zombies , but even that is n't reason enough to see this flick .
i found this movie in the 'horror ' section of my video store . that seems to make sense as most zombie movies have their place there . from romero 's 'dead ' trilogy to '28 days later . ' however upon watching it , you can quickly see what this movie really is . it is actually a music video that goes progressively faster and gets more and more and more gory . there is no horror here folks . just some half-way decently staged action scenes which soon grow tiresome because they last ... and last ... and last ... and soon you get the feeling maybe you 're dvd player accidentally skipped back 3 minutes , but no , this is how they actually made the movie . it 's a pity . i think anyone could find a better use for $ 7 million dollars in the movie industry than make this lump o ' crud . though some of the 360 effects were cool , but once again , they were over used and grew tedious since it was the same stunt over and over again each time , just with a different character . also what is royally annoying is the splicing on of footage from the arcade game . i 've played the game . it sucks . so why did they put it in here ? oh that 's right , this is n't a movie but a music video , and it 's a poor one at that . 3/10 rated r : a lot of violence/gore , and profanity
the movie starts out fine . widower out with new girlfriend and the children . the movie is filled with stupid director 's choices . like `` lets separate . '' `` i am coming down to .... '' do what ? stupid stupid stupid . please do not waste your time hoping that it will get better .............. not hardly .
while not as bad as his game-to-movie adaptations , this hunk of crud does n't fare much better . boll seems to have a pathological inability to accept that he does n't make good movies . one of these days he 'll run out of money and stop inflicting the world with his bombs . the acting was sub-par , the dialog sounded like they were reading teleprompters and boll 's special little 'touches ' were seen throughout the whole thing . like all uwe boll movies , this one just should n't exist . plain and simple . just like uwe boll himself should n't exist . > _ >
i 'm not sure it was the language or the poor acting , but everything about this movie feels and looks cheap and fake . after seeing der untergang this is a huge disappointment . there 's no connection between different scenes , and the acting is so incredibly poor i could n't even believe people could make such a mess of something that had great potential . and above all , everyone in germany speaks english . big mistake . the german language has a certain sound to it , and especially hitler himself only sounds like hitler when he 's speaking/yelling german . the way the story is told made me believe it was improvised on the spot , the characters were empty and the movie seems to be a collection of random events that could have happened . whether it 's the english or the fact that i 've already seen der untergang , everything about this movie was fake and ridiculous .
based on ray russell 's dark bestseller , this john ( watcher in the woods ) hough-directed bust has little going for it . though it does not lack gory violence , it lack narrative sensibility and `` characters '' . the `` incubus '' of the title is a demon endowed with a mammoth penis that shoots red sperm into vaginas during intercourse -- or , to be more precise , rape . john cassavetes , moonlighting from his successful directing career , is convincing as a doctor who questions the circumstances of the bizarre attacks on young women . horrific possibilities of the victims spawning demonic offspring are not considered -- and neither is the audience 's tolerance for slow moving garbage . the script 's reluctance to explore the dramatic repercussions of a fertile premise exemplifies the major problems with this vapid big-schlong-on-the-loose exercise .
barbara streisand directs and stars in this very jewish story . to have a chance at obtaining an education , babs enthusiastically disguises herself as a boy which is n't the most difficult thing to do since she already looks like a boy , anyway . at her new school she meets many male classmates who have no trouble at all in believing she 's a guy . do n't miss the best of many moments of unintentional humor when babs ' male friend thinks she 's a man , but pins 'him ' to the ground , sits on top of 'him ' , and looks affectionately into 'his ' eyes .... * snicker * . mediocre film ; splashy story about nothing particularly interesting .
this is a total waste of money . the production is poor , the special effects are terrible . in my country they had the courage to put this film on video named as `` the mummy '' because of the success of brendan fraser ` s film . i ` m sure that you can find better horror movies .
i 'm sorry to say this , but the acting in this film is horrible . the dialogue sounds as if they are reading their lines for the first time ever . perhaps i got the `` dress rehearsal '' version by mistake . the director over-uses slow motion during special effects perhaps as an attempt to compensate for the poor performance of the actors themselves . the story is pretty well written , and the fight sequences are actually better than i have seen in many action films . the fights seem pretty real . but all of this happens while to two leading actors time and time again miraculously survive incredible amounts of point-blank automatic weapon fire , grenades , morter rounds , and bazookas . the enemy soldiers are definitely some of the worst shots i have ever seen , especially when they have the escaping truck in their sights from about 30 yards , and every bazooka shot is wide by at least 50 feet . those bazookas need serious site calibration .
actually , this flick , made in 1999 , has pretty good production values . the actors are attractive , and reasonably talented . there are n't a bunch of clowns running around blasting away , expending hundreds of rounds , but never hitting flesh . nor are there wild car chases/crashes where thousands of dollars worth of beautiful machines are uselessly trashed . the interiors look respectably modern , architecturally , and the equipment looks up to snuff . well , there is that high tech computer room furnished with what look like leftovers from a '50s electronics lab . and the pancake make-up on the corpses cracked me up . not pancake make-up in the conventional sense , but what looks like dried pancake batter slathered over their exposed skin . this is supposed to support the idea that the bodies have calcified -- though how the virus would accomplish this transmutation is an exercise left for the student ( viewer ) . ah yes , the virus . i would like to tell you that this is not the absolute worst premise for a sci-fi , horror flick i know of , but i ca n't . a computer virus that is transmitted via a television ( or computer monitor ) screen and becomes a lethal biological pathogen ? gim me a break . warp drives a la `` star trek '' are one thing , but photons becoming viruses ? this is so silly the desired `` fright factor '' just is n't realizable . the flick could have used one of those awful dream sequences where the dead come alive , or have a cat jump out of the closet , or something , because the viral thingamajig is n't doing it . one presumes robert wagner has the same excuse for playing in this inanity that lord oliver gave for some of his later , trashy venues . he needed the money . no other comparison between the two should be construed , however .
this movie has some of the most awesome cars i 've ever seen in a movie , and definitely the hottest women , but i would have to say it is still one of the worst movies i 've ever seen . here is the plot , and if you read it with a little inflection , you have the acting as well . beginning , bring in characters , hot woman singing ( obvious lip sync ) . music agent or producer comes in , thinks that she is awesome asks her to race . she turns down , too many bad memories . flash to war hero , back from war , has several fights , and becomes movie hero with attitude that he is better than everyone . drive off in fast exotic car . brother races , then dies . hero to avenge death , cut away to getting weapons from friend . ( you have never seen this friend before or after , but seems to really care about him ) are you sure you want to do this ; yes ; i mean are you really sure ; yes , give me weapons ; are you really sure ; yes ; ok , i guess i ca n't talk you out of it , be careful man , i love you . now he goes to blow up his uncles house who owned the car his brother drove . finds woman , decides to rescue her , she drives off , and he does n't finish killing his uncle . now there will be a race to finish the movie . oh yeah , need to throw in one more scene with bad people coming in to beat up people that do n't really matter , but maybe it adds a little plot . race is not even that exciting , of course it ends with two cars racing , and one that should win throws in a surprise ending . ok , i just saved you $ 7.00 . you can send all of your money to me , because i should have given you the same amount of enjoyment as this movie does . do n't get me wrong , the cars are awesome , and nadija is beautiful , but it is truly an awful movie .
i admit , i had to fast forward through this poorly transferred dvd after about 30 minutes -- nothing was happening , and everyone has already described the `` plot . '' but has anyone mentioned the opening scene -- a butcher knife is stabbed through a wig and it 's impaled on the grass in the front yard ! i 'm guessing the bratty kid did it , put it 's never explained . really trippy opening . i wish this had been a better written or thought out film , because what we 're left with if pretty daft and a movie that makes no sense is n't a `` clever '' movie , it 's just a poorly executed film . i would like to see a cleaned up version and if there was any missing footage , i would like to see if it would help . otherwise , this is an odd little film that is best if fast-forwarded through !
chesty gringo telly savalas ( as frank cooper ) is a us-mexico `` border cop '' . he serves as a father figure to young immigrant danny de la paz ( as benny romero ) , who wants mr. savalas to be best man at his impending wedding . savalas is tough , but boss eddie albert ( as commander moffat ) may be tougher . tough is what you need to stop smuggler michael v. gazzo ( as chico suarez ) . alliances may be in flux . if you find the possibility of hearing `` kojak '' and `` oliver douglas '' uttering expletives to be repulsive , you ought to steer clear of `` the border '' . if not , you may not have the stomach for the `` realistic '' cow slaughtering scene . although it does n't end up being worth much , mr. de la paz and cecilia camacho ( as leina ) steal the show . * * the border ( 1979 ) tony richardson ~ telly savalas , danny de la paz , eddie albert
the dvd version consists of 2 episodes , the parricide of caesar being the juncture . in addition , the language was spanish without subtitles . hence , it 's hard for me to review in depth this movie because because i did n't understand what was said . cleopatra being an historic icon , the part is very difficult and i found that for a newcomer , leonor varela just plays fine . she is strong-willed but also a very supportive , tender soul mate . thimothy dalton as caesar is perfect and their romance is the main thing of the first episode . so , it is not really a documentary , nor a peplum but a great love story . after the parricide , a new lover comes ( marc-antoine ) but the flavor is gone : we remember always our first love . so , i found the second episode dull and their tragic fate is n't told powerfully . nonetheless , the production is luxurious : the sets are big , tastefully decorated ; the moroccan live location exotic and the wardrobes splendid . the producers have a lot of money for sure , but they spend nothing on the special effects . they are so poor ( blue screens , ships , sphinx ) that it 's funny . finally , i would like very much to hear it in french or english to make a definitive opinion about this two movies .
the first half of this version was the best i 've seen ( and i think i 've seen every version of jane eyre ever made ) . the development of jane 's childhood and character were exceptional . then , it was as though someone said `` uh oh , this is running too long , '' and hacked the rest of the story to shreds . the major scenes , when included at all , are glossed over , combined , and put out of order in such a way that they completely change the storyline . there was so little transition or even scene development that it would be difficult for anyone not familiar with the story even to follow . the big disappointment was that the beginning opened so much hope , and then the end dashed it .
as hard as it is for me to believe , with all of the awful reality shows out there over the past few years , this one has to take over the top spot for worst one yet . i am still wondering if this was actually just a spoof done by the sctv gang . if andy kaufmann were still alive i 'd be sure he was behind this . can a rock band stoop any lower than has inxs to do such a shameful thing as this ? the premise is simple and moronic . audition a bunch of karaoke rejects to become the new lead singer of inxs , to take the place of michael hutchence ( who committed suicide in 1997 ) . eight years and no hits later , the band commit the ultimate act of patheticness by subjecting themselves to auditioning a bunch of talentless wannabes to be the new lead singer of a band that is 20 years past its prime . so they trot all of these awful singers ( i thought american idol had its share of doozies ) who do atrocious renditions of just about every classic ( and predictable ) rock song imaginable . and then they cut to the inxs band members who are seriously discussing the merits of each of these candidates . you could see better ( and more original ) rock performers at just about any night club in any city in the world . it has all the usual uncreative elements of every other reality show . lame reality participants , lame interviews , lame host/emcee , lame `` judging '' of performances , and the lame booting of one participant at the end of each show . can these shows get any more predictable ? it 's clearly a publicity stunt on the part of the band ; a last gasp of hope at rekindling their lost stardom before they are finally buried into oblivion . michael hutchence , if he had any shred of dignity when alive , has to be rolling over in his grave . not that inxs were ever a great band , but i had no idea they were this pathetic . if inxs are at all representative of what rock and roll has become , this show would be the final proof that rock and roll is once and for all , dead .
there are three kinds of bad films - the cheap , the boring , and the tasteless . the only really bad movies are boring and tasteless . boring films are just , well , boring - if you do n't leave quickly enough , you fall asleep . tasteless films actually have their defenders ; but the fact remains that they are masturbatory aids for very sick people . only the cheap bad films are really funny , because the filmmakers wanted to make their films so desperately , they way-over-reached beyond their abilities and available resources . bo derek is just naturally boring and tasteless ; fortunately , fate and a lack of funds and skill redeem her by making her seem cheap as well . this film is hilarious and it may well be the last really funny-bad film ever made . i first saw this in a theater , may god forgive me ; i was laughing so hard i was rolling off my seat , and so too with most of the rest of the audience . it 's clear that derek and her husband-promoter , conceived of this film as , partly , a satire ; unfortunately , the dereks clearly lacked any of the necessary resources to pull that off ; consequently , the 'satirical ' element comes off as some school-girl 's impression of some gay young man 's impression of frank gorshin 's impression of the riddler in batman trying to pretend he 's robin - it does n't fly over our heads , it has no clue where any human head might be . on the other hand , there are some supposedly serious moments in this film - it is supposed to be an action film , remember - that are so astoundingly cheesy , one wonders if someone squirted spoiled milk in one 's eye . as for derek 's infamous tendency to reveal her breasts - i ca n't imagine a less erotic nudity photographic display , she is so weird looking with those broad shoulders , i ca n't imagine what any one ever saw in her . as for the plot - such as it is - well , it is n't ; derek chases around africa , and god alone knows why . then her father - harris - pretends to act in some maniacal puppet-show , and then of course there 's the hunk ' o'tarzan that seems to have wondered in from advertisement without knowing that the subject 's changed - probably because he has n't seen a script - apparently no one has . negligible camera work , shoddy editing - if it were n't for the 3-way with the chimp , the film would be unbearable - as it is , it 's a real hoot .
while flipping through the channels on a late saturday night , my friends and i stumbled across this film . first of all , irish actor pierce brosnan as a native american ? seriously ? ! his accent was breaking through so much , although his character was apparently scottish . next , i was stunned to find that this film was made after he had already played james bond/agent 007 at least twice . this movie plays up the stereotypes , with the inspiring professor figure . the girl who played pony should be paid to keep her mouth shut . and , this film won an award ? i can not believe it . brosnan is an attractive man , but we seriously wanted to gauge our eyes out after watching this for just 10 seconds . we switched from `` kicking and screaming '' to this , and we wanted to switch back . we watched the 1995 children 's classic `` the indian in the cupboard '' earlier in the night , which also discussed the iroquois . the following line represents our desire to run away : `` take me outside , earth grasper . '' from `` grey owl '' : `` if you do n't like it , you do n't have to watch . ''
spooks is enjoyable trash , featuring some well directed sequences , ridiculous plots and dialogue , and some third rate acting . many have described this is a uk version of `` 24 '' , and one can see the similarities . the american version shares the weak silly plots , but the execution is so much slicker , sexier and i suspect , expensive . some people describe weak comedy as `` gentle comedy '' . this is gentle spy story hour , the exact opposite of anything created by john le carre . give me smiley any day .
this movie introduces quite an array of characters and their relationships in the first half-hour or so . none of them generate any interest or positive response . i waited for the intrigue to begin , hoping things would get better and ended up sticking around until the bitter end , but there was no reward for doing that . if you want a synopsis , look elsewhere . to me the action is n't worth recounting . not that the story was that bad , i guess you could say i had some problems with the script -- i.e . i thought it stunk . a look at the credits will show you that there 's a pretty strong cast here , used to no avail . most of the old pros in this flick do good jobs ; of the actors i had n't seen much of before i especially liked deborah kara unger . that 's about all that i can find good to say about this picture .
i knew it was n't gunna work out between me and d-wars from the moment we met . first its title was lazy . d war . like writing out dragon was too much for them . also ... you really ca n't be that blatant with your title unless your blue monkey . blue monkey can do whatever the hell it wants . the second sign of a rocky relationship between us was the story 's insane progression . here 's the film , dreamy reporter guy reports on big snake tracks , flashes back to a time he and dad wandered into what must have been the competition for the store in gremlins and dreamy kid reporter finds a box that glows . old shop keep reveals several terrible truths . that bauraki a supposedly evil snake was cheated out of his chance to be a god . tells the kid that he 's a reincarnated warrior and that somewhere in la is his reincarnated lover and gives him a junk piece of jewelry . shop keep also reveals that despite his obvious whiteness he 's a 500 year old asian . fifteen years later dreamy reporter remembers this perfectly and starts acting half crazy trying to find this random girl . cgi hijinks follow and in the last ten minutes my brain melts out of my nose . why ? continue on dear reader if you have the balls . so sarah , the reincarnated lover , has her own flashbacks . i have the benefit of having an asian best friend and in the scene where she starts to freak out and make a bunch of posters with asian characters on them he tells me that whoever made this movie has no idea what their doing . its a korean legend and she 's reincarnated from a korean princess but everything is in chinese . later that night her dragon tat starts to hurt , she calls the police cause it looks like she 's having a heart attack . see , in this mixed up crazy world they apparently handle heart attacks differently because the next time we see her she 's locked in her room with a guard outside and a nurse claims she 's crazy . i have a new phobia now , and its that if i 'm ever in trouble the first responders will just assume i 'm crazy . i have another point of contention with my harsh mistress , dwar . there is a scene when patrick dempsey jr ( dreamy reporter ) is in a café ' with sassy black friend . in the scenes prior miffed near divinity bauraki has killed an elephant , slithered through a suburb and killed one of sarah 's friends . see , people were afraid to come out after 9-11 happened but we must have all toughened up after that deciding coffee and pastries were worth risking our lives for . business as usual , no way a giant snake will stop me from getting my caffeine on . if i stay inside and fear for my life the terrorists and serpentine divinities win . after being given a satisfying dragon on helicopter battle my cruel lover dwar treats me to a pi $ $ and vinegar filled scene to end it all with . bauraki has a fortress of his own and its right under la i guess . they do n't really say but dreamy reporter and sarah get knocked out in a car crash that would kill lesser men and when they wake up , yep dragon palace . some retarded dialog later a good dragon snake god pops out of nowhere and the snakes wrestle/make love whatever . and i 'm not kidding good snake out of nowhere . maybe you think i 'm blowing it out of proportion , i 'm not there is no mention of this thing in the movie then suddenly ... there ! few seconds later and good dragon becomes dragon god , sets baurki on fire , sarah turns into a ghost and goes with dragon-god , dreamy reporter left in the middle of nowhere roll credits ... thank god now our relationship as rocky as it was had its good times . there was a guy that look like shredder from turtles and talked exactly like a tuskan raider from star wars . i 'll call him tuskan shredder . he could do whatever he wanted whenever he wanted to it just could never be useful . he could walk through a wall in a scene where that was n't helpful . he could go in your dreams when that would n't do any good and he could light ten random soldier guys on fire but not when it mattered . he was also allergic to touching that junk jewelry . i like him cause he was hit by a car twice in the same scene and made fantastic tuskan raider noises . the actors for the most part were great ... if great somehow meant terrible . jason behr , whom i thought was awesome in roswell i slowly find out can only act one way and that 's pretentious , spacey and patrick dempsey '' ish '' . the one thing i love about this filthy prostitute dwars is its lead actor , bauraki . that giant snake acted his heart out . i 'd dare to say that he was better at playing a cgi serpentine demi-god of evil then john barrymore was at playing richard the iii or hamlet . there was emotion in every scene , stealing the thunder from his lesser mortal supporting cast . when he ate an elephant i felt like no one past , present or future would ever eat an elephant with as much feeling . he was more then an actor , he was a force of nature and he put his heart and soul into every second of this cursed project . yes damn it , my favorite actor in this film was a cgi snake . i 've got the balls to admit that , do you ? here 's to hoping bauraki get 's more work and is n't type cast , that jason behr finds a range of emotion other then dreamy stare , and that i never have to watch blue monkey again . so , d-war its over . i want my cds back and let 's just be friends
this movie was banned in england ? why ? tom savini , george romero , dario argento , lucio fulci and others had done far worse before and have continued to so since ... this movie has all the basic elements of a decent 70s or early 80 's horror film . good looking girls ( who ca n't act to save their lives , by the way ) , a terrible lightning storm with a torrential downpour , a scythe , a crazy brother wandering around the family estate , and actually a pretty damn good twist at the end . but banned ? seriously . when the english parliament banned this movie , the italians probably laughed their collective asses off at how backwards and prudish the brits really were . there was maybe two minutes of total screen time devoted to the violence and gore ( which was greatly underdone ) . there was nudity but no sex although allusions to sex were made , obviously . but absolutely nothing worthy of being banned . i would like to see what could have been done if the filmmakers had a decent budget to work with . as it stands , the film is entertaining , but the lack of picture and sound quality take away from the end result . banned ... what a joke ...
what starts out as an interesting story quickly disintegrates into nothing . do n't bother watching to the end hoping for an explanation of what is stalking the visitors , there is no ending . no explanation , no resolution , zip . this could have been a good movie it they had purchased an entire script .
wow , i 'm a huge henry viii/tudor era fan and , well , this was .... interesting . the only one i watched was the catherine of aragon one . and wow ... just wow . i 've seen bad acting before , but this reached new heights . when the actress who played catherine was umm .. crying ? she wails and screams and i have to admit i rewinded many times ... many , many times .... funny , funny stuff . the only person who even showed any slight sliver of talent was the actress playing anne boleyn ( i might be prejudiced though , i do have a slight obsession with anne boleyn , she was a really facinating woman , read up on her , it 's worth it ! ) also , i have read a lot about the tudor time period and i think that the characters were n't very acurately displayed , they were all very stereotypical . only see this movie if you are prepared to see a very important time period , and the important lives of those involved turned into a laughing stock .
1st watched 4/29/2007 - 4 out of 10 ( dir-mick garris ) : campy vampire-like stephen king movie has so many strange and goofy elements that you start laughing over the extreme weirdness about 3/4 the way into the movie and you wonder if this movie might have a cult following for king fans . it 's the story of a mother and son who are sleepwalkers ( a shape-shifting feline-like , flesh eating , life needing , near extinct breed of humanoid ) who move from town to town searching for virgins to feed on to keep themselves alive . they come across as pretty normal upper-class folk except they are secret lovers and cats hang around the outside of their home , day and night . cats are deadly to them , so they set traps in their yard to try and keep the population down . we get to see them break a couple of their necks when they attack ( which is also a first in my movie-going experience ) -- - hopefully no real cats were harmed in the making of the film . the boy is after a sweet girl that he has a crush on until he turns into a `` sleepwalker '' and then he just wants her body . there is so much campy uniqueness to this movie that it might have been better if it was an all-out satirical comedy on suburban life , but the director instead tries to scare you every couple minutes until you wish he 'd just get over it and bring out the gore . eventually that happens and the movie winds down to it 's typical stephen king downbeat ending . the movie is interesting because king 's humor comes thru more than usual but his weirdness is also very present and what you have is a movie that his fans will probably like and should have in their collection , but as a worthwhile movie experience it really does n't cut it .
i liked the initial premise to this film which is what led me to hunt it out but the problem i quickly found is that one pretty much knows what 's going to happen within the first 20-30 minutes ( the doubles will come from behind the mirror and take over everybody ) . there is no real twist ( which is fine ) , but the final reveal does n't make a great deal of sense either ( how can she be racked with uncertainty and fear for the whole film , if she 's an evil id from beyond the mirror ? ) . admittedly the scenes 'beyond the mirror ' were chilling when they first appeared and the blonde 's murder is also effectively creepy , but ultimately alas this seems to be a film in search of a story or a more engaging script , piling atmosphere upon atmosphere and over the top scary sound design for 80-90 minutes does not really cut it , in fact it gets quite dull .
alas , poor hamlet . i knew him , dear reader , and let me tell thee , this version sucks ! i do n't know who of all people put up the money for this flotsam , but i hope that they 're proud of themselves . they took the classic play and turned it into the most boring melodrama imaginable . this version is quite literally so bad , that not even the presence of a great thespian like maximilian schell in the title role can save it . this movie 's only redeeming quality is that it made great fodder for `` mst3k '' ; mike , servo and crow had a lot of fun with this one . but either way , i 'm sure that shakespeare , had he been alive when they made this , would not have wanted his name associated with it . this `` hamlet '' is not even so bad that 's it good ; it 's just plain bad . absolutely dreadful .
this cowardly and offensive film had me intrigued to begin with . the characters are the familiar dispossessed young males frequently to be seen hanging around bored in a sea side town . robert is an outsider but he has his music which could have been his soul . instead clay makes robert into a freak who embarks on a journey into cannabis and ecstasy and getting in with the wrong crowd . clay seems to believe in `` reefer madness '' and robert ends the film as a homicidal rapist . one wonders how much experience of real life this young director has . no one can save poor robert . clay leaves us with the message that young british men are out of control . a very unsubtle link is made to the iraqi insurgents ; during the needlessly graphic rape we are subjected to explosions and images of war . the film shows male peer group extremism pushed to it 's limits . the young bombers in london draw a parallel with clay 's hateful depiction of modern male . clay implies that men simply can not help themselves from inflicting terrible acts of violence . it is a wonder the british film industry allows money to be invested in films which advocate such divisive propaganda , when in london we are still reeling from the recent attacks . this is clay 's first film , i would be delighted if it is his last .
well this film has certainly had a fair amount of hype ; from the buzz at the toronto film festival to gushing reviews on cbc radio . a refreshing , wacky , hilarious indie movie apparently . i 'd been looking forward to it for months . how can i put it this simply ? it sucked in a very big way . an exercise in cinematic lameness that makes adam sandler look like a comic genius . at best it was mildly amusing and at worst coma inducing . an amerterish script badly directed and shoddily edited into a ramshackle mess . and what was with the music being 500db louder than the rest of the sound track ? that was about the only truly odd thing about it . if you want to see a genuinely funny , bizarre movie involving aliens then try repoman . there is no comparison !
i had to register for imdb just to post a comment on just how awful this movie is ... my cats and a ball of string have a better storyline than this . not the worst acting i 've ever seen , but when you wipe out almost the entire cast of the movie within 5 minutes , it leaves a bit to be desired . there was n't a single 'scare ' moment in the movie , with the exception of when they were watching the movie 'halloween ' on the tv . all around , it seems like it could 've been a good story , rolling the credits and saying that chasey lain was in it was a bit of a loss as i did n't recognize her right away and her scene was already over before i could 've said 'oh yeah , there she is ' . i 'm so glad i saw this in a hotel and did n't pay for it as i 'd be real ticked if i had payed a cent to see this . i normally like or can at least find a redeeming factor in a movie , but this one is an exception . it 's so bad that it 's not even that amusing so-good-it's-bad .... it 's just plain bad .
not your typical vamp story , not bram stoker or anne rice here . a truly original vampyre story . these vampyres are genetic mutants who the sunlight do n't bother . they are pure evil to . the film is not perfect . many of the actors are clearly amateurs . the two leads who play van helsing and rally the vampyre chick are pretty good though . the film is intensely violent which may disturb some people . also it is loaded with scientific detail that many will find hard to understand and may get bored with . i was sold on the clever storyline and the couple good performances . no telling how successful this film could be if they had a bigger budget and it got mass distribution
an attempt at crossover to appeal to those who do n't appreciate opera , exploiting the fame of one of the greatest opera singers of all time , it fails badly . all that is desirable in this movie is the opera , and one can best find a recording of pavarotti doing what he does best . the plot revolves around a romance with a doctor who heals his throat which has suddenly become troublesome . only because it came out so long ago is it largely forgotten . like most opera stars , pavarotti is a decent actor and has stage presence aside from his singing talent , and nothing that he does in this movie negates that opinion . his culpability lies in not rejecting the horrid script . perhaps because great operas can have silly stories he tolerated this one . who knows , except those involved ? do we need to know ? the plot is weak and trite . this movie is like trudging through cold mud to pick off a few juicy tidbits ( the opera music ) hanging above the mud . we have other ways in which to appreciate the great pavarotti , and this one is n't one of them . just get one of his many superb opera or vocal-concert recordings and recognize the master tenor where he is most suited . it would be one of imdb 's 100 worst films if more people remembered it and gave it some votes ; it would fit neatly in a list including several efforts of singers , actors , models , and athletes to exploit their popularity through film . very often it all goes badly wrong due to incompetent acting or a horrible script . pavarotti would have been a decent actor had he not shown such a superb voice . however effective he is as an actor ( opera requires it ) , not even jimmy stewart could have rescued this turkey of a script . i give it a polite 3 of 10 because someone may have become a fan of pavarotti 's singing and of opera because of this movie .
to be clear from the get go , 'the bagman ' is very , very , very bad . it suffers terribly in almost every aspect except for one : the finished product is such an awful film that it 's actually hysterically funny to watch . this is a very low-grade film . budget constraints for the film should be obvious to anyone who watches even just the opening title sequence . i 'm not sure if much of the humour in the film was intended or not . for example , the movie takes place in 'doomsville . ' note to all prospective home buyers : if the town you 're moving to is called 'doomsville , ' keep moving . stephanie beaton is quick to pull off her top for a pretty enthusiastic sex scene in the kitchen . i could n't help but laugh because it has intentional humour ( she turns on the gas stove ... get it ? the sex is that hot ? get it ? ) and unintentional humour . the unintentional in this case is the music . it 's like the theme music for 'chariots of fire ' goes electronica . break out the computer and the synthesizers ! i realize that coming up with music for a small production like this is cost prohibitive . i really feel for them because the work here is so well-intentioned . the problem is that cheap music is n't necessarily good music . i have n't laughed so hard at sex on screen since 'alone in the dark ' with that 'seven seconds ' song ( i guess they were implying that poor old mr. slater was a bit ... quick on the draw ? ) . even the end credits are hilarious . intentional or not ? you be the judge : a pet dog and cat are part of the credited cast -- and an animal wrangler was on set for them ! -- the boom is credited to 'mr b . stick , ' and the 3rd unit 's wardrobe ( yep , they had a third unit ) is credited to k-mart . maybe it 's just me , but i think the hilarity of this more than saves the film . the movie is very , very bad , but the goals of stephanie beaton , her friends and family are so well-intentioned in 'the bagman ' that you ca n't help but like the movie they 've produced . 'the bagman ' is bad but not dreadful . in its own sweet way , it even manages to be a bit endearing . it wears its flaws so honestly that you ca n't help but forgive them . `` better '' films that try to hide the flaws are almost worse in a way . i guess this is just a film that knew who its audience was and was produced accordingly . watch any number of movies and most of them will probably be a lot better than this . some of them might look cheaper , or have worse acting , or sillier production value . they may not suffer terribly as 'the bagman ' does from awful editing , sound , and foley effects . mr b . stick did n't do a very good job . the special effects look to be where most of the money went . they tend to be more funny than gruesome , although when the 'bagman ' is finally unmasked at the end , the make-up job there is surprisingly well done . my 4 out of 10 is a little high but the humour helped a lot . this is an ideal movie to track down some night with a few friends and a few beers in hand . great entertainment is to be had by anyone who seriously considers themselves b-movie or low budget film aficionados . all others should probably avoid with great prejudice .
as much as i dislike saying 'me too ' in response to other comments - it 's completely true that the first 30 minutes of this film have nothing whatsoever to do with the endless dirge that comprises the following 90 . having been banned somewhere does n't make a film watchable . just because it does n't resemble a hollywood product does not make it credible . worse yet , in addition to no discernible plot ( other than there are lots of muddy places in russia and many people , even very old women , drink lots of vodka ) a number of visuals are so unnecessarily nauseating i 'm in to my second package of rolaids . as for spoilers - well , the film is so devoid of any narrative thread i could n't write one if i tried . do n't waste your time or money , and do n't confuse this with good russian cinema .
i had always been a big lynda carter-wonder woman fan so when the sci-fi channel ran this movie , i had to see it.i was bitterly disappointed.this is a wonder woman movie in name only.she does n't wear the right costume [ she must have refused to or had ordered major changes ] and the plot runs like a poor man 's james bond.there 's none of the things that made the comic book heroine a success i.e . the superhuman strength or determined will.it 's just one long bad dream.i do n't even think cathy is all that attractive anyway.i would n't waste your time on this .
not that i want to be mean but this movie really surprised me a lot . during the whole film , i was like ... erm ... what is this movie all about ? i do n't get the animations at all . probably this movie will only be suitable for those who belongs to the 1980s . during the film , there is a group of people walked out . after the movie , many people said , `` that 's it ? '' frankly speaking , i can not believe that this movie was awarded the best children film award . if you are thinking of watching this film , i strongly recommend you not to . you will regret it . i 'm not joking . you will find that you are just wasting both your time and money of you go and watch it .
this `` film '' is the culmination of everything that is bad about modern film . unnecessary slow motion , unnecessary flipping/jumping/somersaults , unnecessary characters , unnecessary dialogue .... basically unnecessity . ( is that a word ? well , it 's just been invented by i , robot . ) what happened to practicality ? ( i.e . the car garage , the skin spray ) the only tool that shows a combination of futuristic and realistic function is the card swipe at the coffee shop . what happened to showing respect for women ? ( i.e . smith 's character does nothing but degrade the doctor for the better part of the film , and yet she still `` wants '' him . where is the tension ? i 'll tell you where , good looks and not admiration or common ground ) what happened to a detective that detects ? smith did nothing but sit around and feel sorry for himself , complaining to other people , and when they said something that sparked a thought he was off . this is such a lame way to get the story from point b-c-d-etc ... it was ok once , but not several times in a row . ( speaking of several times in a row , what was the `` i 'm snoring and not listening to you joke ? twice in one scene ? ) what happened to the small parts in a movie being somewhat meaningful and not just a tool to promote rescue scenes ? shia labeouf ( the kid ) is in the movie for a total of two scenes , we know that a-he degrades women , and b-he knows smith ....... so of course we should care about him and whether or not he comes to harm , what happened to hero 's ? let 's just forget that there are people , women and children everywhere getting attacked by robots and selfishly save the only person withing my view that i have an acquaintance with . and why did he have to ramp his bike through the air , showing off , while the doctor was somehow able to reach the same distance in a matter of seconds on foot . do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for spectacle . but i 'm also all for a shred of realism and meaning . i have to say i 've never laughed quite so hard at a film in a long time . so thanks alex . i pray for the swing of the social pendulum back to simpler techniques , simpler stories and simpler everything else in films ...... but mainly simpler techniques . big budget action films : `` you so have to die ''
it 's hard to believe that in 1997 david duchovny was at the top of his fame , with x-files , one of the best sci-fi series ever , being at the top of the glory . nine years later he is almost forgotten , and his tentatives to make it on the big screen failed miserably . i can not even explain why , he is a fair actor , but probably his moment of fame cast him in a eternal role that takes big talent to break from . at the same time angelina jolie was much less known , and she was really lucky that a film like 'playing god ' did not led her career into a dead-end . fortunately for her , 'the bone collector ' and 'girl , interrupted ' were waiting beyond the corner , and when lara croft came , her career was launched . there is not too much to be told about this film . it 's the only big screen film of andy wilson , and there must be a reason . all is banal and most of what happens on the screen expected in this story of an ex-doctor who saves the life of a shooting victim in a bar only to find himself working for the mob . the off-screen voice is especially bad , with a moralistic text that kills any shade of cinematographic experience from the film . you probably will not meet the film but in dvd rental stores , or on tv . try to look for something better .
simply not the quality i expected from morris ( love brass eye and blue jam ) . this is very much like a not so bad student film . what concerns me , in all this is why did it win a bafta ? ? ? morris makes fun of 'enshrined mediocrity ' ( ayn rand ) in much of his work ( nathan barley ) and yet with this piece is urinating down the backs of the talented and telling us its raining ! i just hope as he has chosen a subject i would love to tackle ( the humanity of terrorism - four lions ) that he is n't going to cock that up , wasting the opportunity to make a statement about the farce of mainstream ignorance and opinion on this emotive and heavily spun phenomena .
if edward woodward was the the flicks watching this film then that 's what he would scream out in horror . i 'm sorry folks but enough 's enough . we had get carter , the italian job , alfie and now this . what 's the similarities ? no . it 's not exactly a coincidence that three of the originals star maurice micklewhite and the other stars another great british actor . the main common ingredient in those originals is the britishness of the films . they were n't made to impress hollywood . they were quirky english films with a unique charm/atmosphere that just can not be replicated in the usa . the word is cult and what better way to destroy a cult film than to bastardise it with a remake or even a sequel . wicker 06 had a tough task before it even hit the road . wicker 73 is even more enigmatic that other said cult films ; it defies genre , intelligent scripts , a-grade actors , the music score , set-pieces that defy description and all the stories surrounding the film . so here comes a remake . do n't worry . no originals were harmed in the making of this remake . some major aspects of the story needed to be reworked for the modern usa - communications , paganism , virgins . but that 's just about the whole premise . so we give the cop a nam style trauma past complete with shock music flashbacks for the cheap scares . then with no mobile phone mast on the island that sorts the communication out - but in the real world this would n't happen . cops just do n't go missing . give him a blood link for motivation rather than the clash of beliefs and you have the remake . wafer thin though , is n't it ? it 's just that it was all laid on with a trowel . the name alterations were simply hammy , almost carry on , there was no sense of community on the island , no centre of town to catch your bearings , just a few houses dotted about a forest and that was it . willow was just annoying by not giving out any info at all and cage was useless to let her get away with it . when he went into the well you just knew he would get locked it . the screenplay was signposted all the way to the end - and you just wanted it to hurry up and end . the epilogue was absolutely hilarious and did n't know when to stop . that ending is probably the best way to summarise the difference between the two . one ends in the most beautiful sunset after the most horrific day . the other ends with a post-production explain-it-all-to-the-thickies type conclusion . i loved the original but went to the cinema with an open mind and was excited to see the film . i left thankful in the knowledge that this film will probably end up beneath a highway somewhere only this time mercifully forgotten forever .
after disney 's witty live-action george of the jungle , i had high hopes for this flick . major disappointment . thread bare plot , bad acting , bad visual effects . this film relied on lame one-liners , idiotic ( and pointless ) product placement , and the lamest most annoying side-kick in that gadget car thing . i took two young kids to see it and they where bored out of their mind . the only laugh received from this movie was bad standby of when needing a laugh show a guy getting it in the groin !
i think its pretty safe to say that this is the worst film ever made , when i saw the trailer on tv i knew right from second 1 that this would be a piece of * * * * and it would be best to avoid it , but i somehow got dragged into seeing this by some friends , i walked into the cinema with low expectations but i was hoping there would be a couple of cheap laughs to keep me awake during this film . the so-called `` jokes '' in this film bring a cringe to the face , they are mostly comprised of people taking hits to the face and balls , the baby looking weird and acting like a horny gangsta and the typical race jokes we see so often in todays garbage comedies . the film is obvious and the story is not only impossible to believe but also predictable and dull . the characters are extremely annoying and heavily stereotyped . i never want to have to see this * * * * film again , i 'd rather take a bullet to the foot than be exposed to this piece of fuckwood ever again . if anyone i see says they liked it i will physically punch them in the face
i do n't give much credence to aids conspiracy theories but its sociologically interesting to see the phenomenon dramatized . in the early years of the aids epidemic , the suffering and paranoia of the scared and dying often generated such dark fantasies . this was especially true in the politically radical and sexually extreme demi-monde of san francisco . the city , renowned for its beauty , has rarely appeared uglier than in this film . a sense of darkness and decomposition pervades every scene . while the acting and plot ca n't be said to be well-done the films unique cultural context and oppressively dark mood at least partly saves the film from being a complete loss . actually , i found the most interesting performance to be irit levi as a crusty and cynical jewish , lesbian ( ? ) police detective . she 's interesting , though not necessarily convincing . highlights : the film 's use of the garishly tragic turandot is an effective motif and there is a sublime silent cameo by iconic performance artist , ron athey .
i read rice 's novel with interest , and became quite enchanted with its characters and heartbreaking tale based on historical truths . however , i was simply appalled at this disastrous adaptation . the casting was based merely on physical appearance , and not acting talent ( with the obvious exception of peter gallagher , who was neither blond-haired , or able to act his way out of a wet paper bag ) . the cast 's embarrassingly clumsy and inconsistent attempts at affecting a french accent was hilarious , but not in an entertaining way . i found myself wincing through this muddled and melodramatic tripe , and was surprised i made it to the end . a warning to fans of the novel - stay away from this one .
im still in doubt if this is just a horrible movie or the worse movie i ever saw . actors are painful and its impossible to get into the text . do n't waist your time into this movie . by submitting this comment you are agreeing to the terms laid out in our copyright statement . your submission must be your own original work . your comments will normally be posted on the site within 2-3 business days . comments that do not meet the guidelines will not be posted . please write in english only . html or boards mark-up is not supported though paragraph breaks will be inserted if you leave a blank line between paragraph.by submitting this comment you are agreeing to the terms laid out in our copyright statement . your submission must be your own original work . your comments will normally be posted on the site within 2-3 business days . comments that do not meet the guidelines will not be posted . please write in english only . html or boards mark-up is not supported though paragraph breaks will be inserted if you leave a blank line between paragraph .
ok , i bought this film from woolworths for my friend for a joke present on his birthday , because the front cover had a sexual innuendo in it . but we decided it to watch it anyway . just for hilarity purposes . and i 'm sorry , but this has got to be , one of the worst films in history . it began off alright , and we thought `` ok this might actually be ok '' . but after about 10 minutes , we were sadly mistaken . it began when the `` mysterious paint baller '' turned out to be the most obvious character , the scouser/australian ( i say that because he had an accent which could n't be identified ) , who 's acting might i just say , was abysmal . then it got to the end , and by that time , we had all lost the will to live . the paint ball finals . the only thing i did like about this plot is that they did n't actually win , but annoyingly enough they won by default . and i know this has nothing to do with it , but the name the team were given was just awful . critical damage . i mean they could of picked a more awesome name , like `` the destroyers of the anti-christ '' or something . or that 's what the film should of been called anyway .
this has the absolute worst performance from robert duval who sounds just like william buckley throughout the entire film . his hammy melodramatic acting takes away from any dramatic interest . i 'm not sure if this was deliberate scene stealing or inadvertent but it 's the only thing i can recall from a truly forgettable film . this picture should be shown in every amateur acting class of an example of what not to do . thank god , duvall went on to bigger and better things and stopped trying to effect a cultured accent . he is a good character actor but that 's about it . klaus is so much better . his performance is muted and noteworthy .
i had been looking forward to seeing dreamgirls for quite a while ... what with all it 's raving reviews , nominations and media attention . and i must say , the first quarter of the movie was good ! it really portrayed the black music scene back then . however , as the movie wore on , me and my whole family were bored out of our wits . the singing just kept coming , one after the other . i mean seriously , just one more music number and it would have broke even with rent . furthermore , i noticed hardly any character development in any of the characters ; i just did n't care what happened to them ! even when eddie murphy 's character died of a drug overdose , i knew i should have been sad , but i just could n't feel any emotion for that character . the characters were given a flimsy background about singing in their childhood and whatnot , but there personalities were not revealed enough to draw me in . finally , the conflict was simply not significant enough to make the viewer care , which goes along with the lack of character development . this movie reminded me of a copy-cat movie based on ray , chicago , and rent ( ray and chicago were wonderful movies in my opinion ) . overall i think this movie would best suit someone who does n't really care about an overall story , yet would enjoy two hours of entertaining and fun singing performances .
i truly despised this film when i saw it at the age of about 6 or 7 as i was a huge fan of robin williams and nothing he could do was bad . until this . this complete trash ruined robin for me for a long time . i 'm only recovering recently with his funny but serious part in fathers day but then he went on to create another mistake , bicenntinial man i think it was called but the point is . robin should be getting much better jobs by now and now he has returned to performing the slime that originated with this 'classic ' .
shecky , is a god damned legend , make no mistake . until recently i worked for a uk hifi & video retail chain , running their testing department . we would go through many new starters , they would be expected to to learn how to fault find the various detritus that returns as non functional in one way or another from the stores . now to tortu^^^^^ test the resolve of these new staff members , we would issue them with a copy of going overboard . we had hundreds of copies of this film because whenever someone who had bought a particular model of goodmans dvd player that had this film as a free gift , got round to sending their dvd player back , they never failed to send shecky back also . our new staff would be forced to use only going overboard to test these machines for faults until they had found a disc or two of their own to test with . now , as to why this film is so bad , where do i begin ? adam sandler , who can be so , so very funny , as in happy gilmore , or the wedding singer , must have been having one hell of an off day . the rest of the crew stank , and what is it with billy zane ? his name crops up in several of the worst movies of all time , and he is a decent actor . crazy . the production quality is absolute zero . i would have been inclined to give this a zero if i could , because they did n't even have the guts to call it by it 's full name 'the unsinkable shecky moskowitz ' on release . even so it is worth a watch so you can see just how far sandler has come , and just how low he can go .
stranger than fiction angered me so much , i signed up on imdb just to write this review . stranger than fiction is a surprisingly complex , touching and thought-provoking movie until the very end . once you suspend multiple lapses of logic ( why did n't will ferrell hear emma thompson 's voice 10 years ago when she fist started writing her book ? `` the phone rang . the phone rang again . '' how could she not know it 's him calling ? etc . ) , the movie challenges one 's thoughts about mortality , fate , and sacrifice . the brief history of literary themes provided by dustin hoffman should especially entertain former english majors . and maggie gyllenhaal is always a pleasure , even though will ferrell might just as easily be an ax murderer as a bumbling soul . her quick trust of him is a mighty big leap of faith . ah , but the ending . until the very end , i would have given 9 out of 10 stars to this movie . the movie as a metaphor for life 's journey , as a tribute to the notion of 'writing true , ' as a reminder that great literature is either comedy or tragedy , but not both , is outstanding . the entire movie leads the viewer to understand and accept the moment of will ferrell 's fate . and no matter how endearing a character he may have become , we know full well why we will accept the ending . the last act occurs , the screen goes white , the credits roll . a profound and powerful end to an almost perfect film . an end that would have been debated for weeks . no ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! no credits rolled . say it is n't so . say hollywood did n't tack on another 10 minutes of crap that completely undermined the integrity and heart of the movie . dustin hoffman got it right when he said , `` it 's no longer a masterpiece ; it 's ok. '' an apt review of the movie . except to me , it was n't even ok . i was so offended about the betrayal of 'writing true , ' about the decision to pander the film that i actually burst into angry tears explaining this on the ride home from the movie . i do n't often cry . i could care less about most movies , but i am still angry about this one . my questions for zack helm , the writer , are this : did the original movie end when the screen went white ? and were you forced by the vapid movie powers-that-be to tack on an ending unfaithful to the core of the movie ? or did you tack that maudlin ending on yourself ? i 've read you 're brilliant . i hope your original script ended the movie the first time . i know zack helm will never see this review , and i 've been unable to find a contact for him to ask myself . but , please , movie-goers , am i the only one who feels this way about stranger than fiction ? one good thing came from me seeing this movie : i doubly admire lost in translation now .
this movie is truly boring . it was banned in chinese cinema and i can see why . it 's not because it 's critical of the communist regime but simply because the movie is of such low quality . i would never want to pay money to watch this . i love movies from chen kaige and zhang yimou and i am disappointed such a poor movie could come out of china . it totally seems to ignore the audience and the director seems to have made the movie for himself . the shots of a person standing there doing nothing for up to a minute are hilarious and there 's plenty of them . the cinematography and video quality are unbelievably bad . i looked this film up on the net and it seems like people actually like this film . the only explanation i have for this is that some film buffs think that if a film is not in english it is automatically good . i ca n't see any reason why people would like this . this is not an art film it 's of waste of celluloid . ( that 's if they actually shot it on film , which they did n't )
.... cause it 's crap ! the kind of movie that makes you want to go and smack the movie maker and say `` why ? '' . horrible camera work ... count the times the camera tries to remain steady on one person and ca n't . the dialog is ridiculous . the acting is comical . it looks like they took over a ghost town in the west to see if they could make a movie on the least amount of money possible . i 'd bet $ 10 they used home video cameras to make this . either that , or most of the cameramen were drunk . truly the trailers are more entertaining than the movie . if you ever want to host a `` worst movie party '' , bring this one . want more entertainment ... stare at a wall .
after watching khakee i felt i 'll get to watch another good film but sadly the film is a joke and actually trying hard to introduce aryeman afterall his father keshu is the producer rks spoke so highly about the film during promotions , saying the film has meat unlike films released that time , i wonder which films was he talking about the film is actually a typical masala film with loads of comedy , romance , action everything jumbled the ease at which the kids kidnap the family , is one of the funniest parts ever , imagine kids kidnapping dawood 's family the end is a complete jumble mumble with sudden change of characterization rks gives his weakest film till date , except some bachchan scenes the film is a bore music is boring amitabh tries to give the role his all , he does his part well , though not his best though he contorts his face too much when pulling a trigger and does a weird look while smoking the cigar his dubbing too is n't matched properly at times akshay is there for some minutes and just repeats his act and hams aryeman seems expressionless , tries too hard but overdoes it in some scenes bhumika emerges the best of the lot the rest are okay
slasher films are often seen as the derivative , repetitive and frankly unoriginal . i happen to to be a horror movie fan , but this film was just so poor , words fail me . the script is severely lacking , the plot is ridiculous , the acting astoundingly bad . just an all round stinker , that i wasted time of my life on . this had all the entertainment value of a 15th sequel to a film that was dire in the first place . who greenlit this mess ? i only liked two things in this movie . the first was the killer 's mask - which was nice . the second was the austrailian affinity with humourous profanity . save yourself , and avoid this hideous mess .
larry buchanan . yep , same guy who did `` attack of the the eye creatures '' and two ( count 'em : two ) conspiracy movies about marilyn monroe . he 's to blame , here . adding onto his ever-growing pile of folders left over from oliver stone 's `` eh-i-grew-out-of-it '' conspiracy drawer , here 's `` down on us ( i.e.- `` beyond the doors '' ) which is the working definition of historical inaccuracy . forget everything you thought you knew about jimi hendrix , janis joplin and jim morrison , says big lar ' , cuz this is the real deal ! y'see , the three big names in rock of the '60s were killed by the government because they were subversives or counter-productive to truth , justice and the american way , or sumpthin ' like that there . i knew it all along . anyway , three people ( chatman , meryl , wolf ) who look eerily like their real life shadows ( that is , if you completely close your eyes , turn your backs and walk five miles away from them ) show that instead of their recorded deaths , the good old us of a put hits out on them ! yep , it 's the truth ! man , i can not believed i watched this movie . it 's facts , when not stretching credibility to the snapping point , are ludicrous ; the acting makes tv commercials look like high drama and if you honestly watch it through to the end , you deserve the `` twist '' ending . you really , really do ; i swear . genius . but like the man said : `` rock and roll is dead - long live rock and roll . '' not this flick , though . no stars for `` down on us '' . and that 's the movie audience describing the film , by the way ....
i bought this at tower records after seeing the info-mercial about fifteen hundred times on comedy central . i was actually really looking forward to watching this . my god where did i go wrong ? now before i give my review let me just say that i am a person who can pretty much find the good in all movies , hell i own over 1,500 dvd 's ! with that said , the underground comedy movie ranks up there with the worst film i have ever seen . i tried to give it a chance , but not only was it not funny . it had no point , did not offend what-so-ever and was all around stupid . god who in their right mind thought these pieces of crap were funny ? this is going right to the bottom of the bin ...
awwww .... yes , it is heartwarming and all that some unlucky family gets adopted by abc/sears and has their home `` renovated . '' that 's where the humanistic appeal ends . i liked it early in its run , but now this show has become disgustingly excessive . ten needy families could be given relatively luxurious homes with lots of goodies for every one family that each episode of this show splurges on . the people at habitat for humanity must be shaking their heads in disbelief . for example , is it necessary for a healthy sixteen year old boy to have a jacuzzi in his bedroom , or have his bed tricked-out with `` low rider '' hydraulics ? does the mom really need her dilapidated , non-running and rusted out old pick-up truck restored and `` pimped '' by some of the best customizers in california ? a new one would have done the job quite nicely , and probably for a third of the price . do people really need a sixty-five inch plasma screen in every room of the house ? and then there 's the issue of who pays the increased property taxes and utility bills . even after the zaniacs at `` makeover '' leave , somebody still has earn a living . i doubt the friendly folks down at social services will see the humor in all of this largess . this show is nothing more than a ratings grabber for abc , and a tacit commercial for its sponsors .
just another film that exploits gratuitous frontal male nudity ; awful acting , plus , the lovemaking scenes are the most un-sexy i 've ever seen ( and this is not about me not linking the idea of two young men making love , since i 'm gay ) . again , as in mil nubes de paz , julian hernandez directed an incredibly pretentious film with a story that makes enough argument for a short film of about five minutes but manages to make a 2 hour film with it ... and this time , there is n't even the issue of racism and commodification in the mexican gay community to talk about ! god gracious have mercy on us !
this review applies for the cut of the film that 's generally available as `` fury of the wolfman '' . i understand there is an uncut version out there with additional footage , and i would hope that it contained at least eight or nine crucial scenes that seem to be missing from the cut known as `` fury of the wolfman '' . in short , the movie makes absolutely no sense whatsoever . it is utter nonsense , and incomprehensible nonsense at that . waldemar daninsky , that venerable lycanthropic antihero portrayed by paul naschy in a seemingly endless series of films , is apparently a normal guy who has just come back from a trip to tibet , where he was attacked by a yeti . somehow this has turned him into a werewolf . daninsky is a doctor , a scientist , and an instructor at what appears to be a college . one of his female colleagues , ilona elmann , is involved in a vague form of hypnosis ... '' chematodes '' , a nonsense word used to refer to a bunch of wires attached to a victim 's head . ellman feels this will enable her to `` change the direction of the human brain '' , naturally enabling her to rule the world , provided she can get us all attached to those wires with no trouble . elmann is also into werewolves , because she kidnaps daninsky and takes him to her hidden laboratory . she has a bunch of other people trapped there as well . some of them look like gypsies , and are chained up , being in varying states of lucidity . others are clearly hippies . elmann feels that one day she may be able to `` help them be human again '' ( ? ) , but in the meantime she controls them with her chematodes . waldemar becomes her hairy hit man , wandering around like a werewolf zombie -- that is until the filmmakers decide to use footage spliced in from another naschy werewolf film , `` frankenstein 's bloody terror '' ( do n't ask ) , at which point naschy 's werewolf makeup changes considerably and he lurches around like an animal . is this making any sense ? no ? good . that 's the film 's saving grace . it does n't try and engage you on any kind of intellectual level , it just goes full speed ahead with whatever nonsense dialogue or cheap horror movie sets it can muster up . `` fury of the wolfman '' may be the best halloween party movie ever . you absolutely do not need to pay attention to it , and in fact if you do , you will be completely confused .
this is easily one of the worst 5 movies i 've ever seen . it 's not scary or any of the other things suggested in the plot outline . this movie is agonizingly slow and i was bored for almost all 98 minutes . while the acting is mediocre at best , the biggest problem is the script , which is poorly written , slow and plodding with no real direction . occasionally an eerie mood is set only to be broken by some useless line or event . i 'm not surprised that the entire cast was sick and throwing up between shots , they did after all have to try and digest a terrible script . as a huge fan of good horror movies , i 'm always irritated that something this bad gets made . save yourself 98 minutes you 'll never get back .
i was n't sure how to rate this movie , since it was so bad it was actually very funny . i 'm not a gackt fan by any means , though he is talented , despite the weird pseudonym that sounds like a cat coughing up a hairball . i always thought hyde was talented though , faith is an interesting album . but on topic here folks . this movie is ridiculous . it 's so over the top and nonsensical it 's almost like a parody of supernatural action films . the movie has almost no plot here , except it 's just about vampires with gangster friends . in a way , this film almost reminded me of spider-man 3 , with how there were too many ideas , which resulted in not enough time to pay attention on one of them . the action scenes were laughable . quickly edited , almost hard to understand , with choreography that 's so laughably bad . though hyde looked very stylish during the action scenes , but that 's this film 's only such redemption . i 'm a sucker for good action movies , but the action was horribly done . though the final shootout was ok and the highlight of this otherwise depressing movie . it keeps jumping between genres , not a good thing . it wants to be a drama , or an action flick , or a horror , or a romance ... what the hell . if this review is making you mad , why ? is it because gackt and hyde are your love ? do n't fool yourself , this movie is bad .
i love a good sappy love story ( and i 'm a guy ) but when i rented `` love story '' i prayed for the end to come as quickly and painlessly as possible and just the opposite for ali mcgraw 's character . ali mcgraw as jenny alienated and irritated the heck out of me within the first 15 minutes . when we learn that she has been diagnosed with a life threatening illness i could n't help but wonder if her death would be such a terrible loss for poor oliver or if anyone watching this film would even care . if she did n't die her grating personality would probably have pushed oliver over the edge and eventually landed them in divorce court . people love this movie but it 's one of the worst of the 70 's .
for starters , `` hobgoblins '' tries to ape the more successful `` gremlins '' . that 's bad enough but they do n't even try to make anything that closely resembles a movie here . instead , it 's more like a bargain basement , everything-must-go clearance of embarrassing scenes , inappropriate sound fx , acting as bland as unflavored tapioca and a script that takes everything humans hold sacred in their motion pictures and throws 'em down the old tube-aroo . the plot ? grrrr .... meddling kids track down gremlin-like creatures from movie lot before they kill people by projecting their fantasies . sound cool , does it ? well , see that wall on the other side of your room ? run right at it , top speed , face first . see , that is cooler than this movie . you dare to doubt ? quick , name something else one of the leads has been in other than this . what other scripts have the writers done since `` hobgoblins '' ? name another rick sloane directoral effort . how many `` hobgoblins '' action figures do you have ? see ? thank you . i can not believe i took so long to write about such a horrible film . i 'd rather write about more important things ; like the separation of church and state , economic restructuring in europe , that kind of thing . but no , `` hobgoblins '' it is and it is bad - bad like your grandparents ' wallpaper , bad as pink flamingos on your lawn , bad like underwear that says `` home of the whopper '' ... and i think we 'll stop there . well , mike and the robots fight valiantly but try as they might , they can do only so much with `` hobgoblins '' before they realize that , yes , the director does need kicked in the shin . real , real hard . one star for `` hobgoblins '' , seven stars for the mst3k version .
if you 're a layman interested in quantum theory and string theory , read `` the elegant universe '' by brian greene of columbia university , and `` the universe in a nutshell '' by stephen hawking of cambridge . recipe for # $ * ! : 3 parts bombastic new age pontificator , 2 parts pseudoscientist , 2 parts real scientist mix together until ingredients are indistinguishable from each other and spread on celluloid thin enough that there is no discernible substance . serving suggestion : barf bags .
billy crystal normally brings the crowd to laughter , but in this movie he and all the rest of them can not bring any smile on my face .... or perhaps just one . they call it comedy , i say it 's a waste of my time .
as someone who likes chase scenes and was really intrigued by this fascinating true-life tale , i was optimistic heading into this film but too many obstacles got into the way of the good story it should have been . the bad - i 'm a fan of robert duvall and many of the characters he has played , but his role here is a dull one as an insurance investigator . the dialog is insipid and the pretty kathryn harrold is real garbage-mouth . from what i read , there were several directors replacing each other on this film , and that 's too bad . you can tell things are n't right with the story . i could n't get `` involved '' with treat williams ' portrayal of cooper , either . he should have been fascinating , but he was n't in this movie . it 's also kind of a sad comment that a guy committing a crime is some sort of `` folk hero , '' but i admit i wound up rooting for the guy , too . not everything was disappointing . i ca n't complain about the scenery , from the lush , green forests of oregon to the desert in arizona . i 'd like to see this movie re-made and done better , because it is a one-of-a-kind story .
i think if they made any money make a complete turd bomb like this one . the i need to get into the movie industry . i wiped my ass on a piece of toilet paper and made a better script once . watch when the guy is running through the tunnel , they used the same 30 feet of tunnel over and over and over again and never even changed the location of the stupid hanging light . i think if i get the thrill of meeting the director of this gem of a movie , i think i will pick a fight with him and start it by deficating on his loafers i think i need to puke now
i commented on this when it first debuted and gave it a `` thumbs in the middle '' review , remarking that i 'd give it the benefit of the doubt beyond just the first episode . i 've seen a total of six episodes now up to this point in june 2006 . and as a lifelong batman fanatic , i can say without hesitation : this show is utter crap . everything 's wrong with it . everything . getting past just the lousy animation and design , the stories are ridiculously convoluted and with no character development or apparent interest by the writers of this dreck to give any substance to any stories . and for god 's sake ... is it just me , or is the joker in every episode ? ? is gotham that much of a revolving-door justice system ? or , again , is it just a complete lack of interest in the writers to put any effort into other villains ( see `` no character development '' , above ) . and to make matters worse , every single joker tale is the same 3-part formula . 1 ) joker gasses people . 2 ) joker sets out to gas the whole city . 3 ) batman saves the day . pfeh . there was one episode i saw that was n't a joker story . the title escapes me , but the villain was that nefarious cluemaster ... the `` think thank thunk '' episode with the quiz show . that was the single-worst batman story i 've ever seen , heard or read . yes , worse than `` i 've got batman in my basement . '' i ca n't really say what i feel this show is because it 's probably against the tos , but it starts with `` b '' and rhymes with `` fastardization '' . thank goodness for the existence of the timm/dini/etc . era of bat-entertainment , back from the fox and kids wb days . stuff that good , and i should have known this , just could n't possibly have lasted forever , unfortunately .
when great director/actor combinations are talked about the team of j. lee thompson and charles bronson is not usually mentioned . probably because the output of nine joint ventures between the two of them runs the gamut from the really good action entertainment to the mediocre . unfortunately kinjite : forbidden subjects falls in the latter . that 's sad because kinjite could have been a whole lot better . but for the life of me i do n't understand why it was necessary to make the father of the missing japanese girl , a guy used to getting some cheap jollies because the romance in his marriage has run out . that might have been good for another film altogether , but it served no purpose here . a straightforward cop drama with charles bronson as a vice cop who 's seen a bit too much in his line of work and has a strong prejudice against orientals . that part could also have used a little explaining as well . but he 's going to have to overcome it if he and patient partner perry lopez are going to locate a captured japanese school girl . bronson 's time in the vice squad have told him exactly where to look for the kidnapper . a stylish , murderous pimp played by jaime fernandez is the guy and he and bronson have some history . in fact in the film 's best scene , bronson made him eat an expensive rolex watch and set his car on fire . at one point fernandez happens to spot bronson and lopez in an all night delicatessen and this being after his rolex snack , he sprays the place with an uzi killing everyone , but bronson and lopez . i really think that little incident would have had more than a couple vice cops from the lapd after fernandez . but that 's another terribly big hole in the plot . still there is a very rough justice in the end for fernandez . i wish the whole film had been better though . this was the last film of the bronson-thompson team and j. lee thompson 's last as a director . he should have gone out with something better .
who is bettie page ? i certainly did n't find out while watching this movie . from what i have gathered from other sources , ms . page was highly in demand in the post-world war ii period as the queen of `` naughty '' pictures and that is exactly what this film depicts . i never did get to know bettie , the woman , though . her childhood in tennessee was a combination of an evangelical christian upbringing and a sordid home life which is only hinted at . the film glosses over her personal life and gets right down to the purpose of the film , the `` naughty '' pictures . characters are introduced and abandoned within a few frames but there is frame after frame of bettie in her pointy bras , bettie in her girdle and stockings , bettie in bondage ... etc . the movie slides from black and white to color every time ms . page visits miami beach . then back to her shades of gray life in new york we go . gretchen mol portrays bettie as one of the most dimwitted young ladies you could ever meet . when bettie confides to a friend that she missed being her high school valedictorian by getting an a- rather than an a one can only assume that there were only two students in her senior class . the most interesting part of this movie is how quaint ms . page 's `` naughty '' photos seem in 2007 . it is truly sad that seeing a woman trussed up like a pig on a spit would n't even get a hit on my space or you tube . i 'm not sure if this movie was written poorly or if some crazed editor cut the thing to shreds . i would only recommend it as a source for persons studying the history of odd undergarments .
what kind of a documentary about a musician fails to include a single track by the artist himself ? ! unlike `` ray '' or countless other films about music artists , half the fun in the theater ( or on the couch ) is reliving the great songs themselves . here , all the tracks are covers put on by uninteresting characters , and these renditions fail to capture cohen 's slow , jazzy style . more often , the covers are badly sung folk versions . yuck . the interviews are as much or more with other musicians and figures rather than with cohen himself . only rarely does the film feature cohen reading his own work ( never singing ) -- like letters , poems , etc . the movie really did n't capture much about the artist 's life story , either , or about his development through the years . a huge disappointment for a big cohen fan .
watching this last night it amazed me that fox spent so much money on it and got so little back on their investment . it 's the kind of disaster that has to be seen to be believed . i 'm sure that the first morning of filming raquel welch dusted off the shelf over her fireplace to prepare a spot for the academy award she would surely win for this daringly original movie . oops . that 's not what happened . the infighting on the set was detailed in print by rex reed and this helped the movie attain a reputation before it was even released . when it was finally released there was n't the usual three ring circus of publicity . if i remember correctly , in houston it opened at drive-ins and neighborhood theatres and never played any of the big venues . i lay most of the blame on director michael sarne , who was hot after having directed ( the not all that good ) joanna , a film with music about young people in swinging mod london . if i recall correctly , fox wound up firing him and piecing the film together the best they could . that 's why scenes play out in no particular sequence and characters appear and then vanish . an impressive supporting cast ( kathleen freeman , jim backus , john carradine , andy devine and others ) is wasted with nothing to do . to expand it to feature length there are numerous clips from fox movies featuring stars like carmen miranda ( in amazing footage from the gang 's all here ) andlaurel and hardy , who never dreamed they 'd be playing in an x rated movie . the x rating is due to occasional language numerous sexual perversions ; however , none of the characters seem to be having any fun . maybe somebody involved with the film had a warped puritan sensibility and figured that if they could make these things unappealing it was n't bad to exploit them . this was one of the `` youth '' pictures that nearly bankrupted hollywood in the 1970 's . one writer joked that easy rider ( which was made for pocket change ) was the most expensive movie ever made because so many films followed which tried and failed in the worst way to duplicate its success . sixtyish , once honored directors like stanley kramer and otto preminger made movies like rpm and skidoo in an effort to attract a young audience . white directors and writers attempted to make films to attract a black audience . those movies are locked somewhere in a vault and the two named and many others from that genre have never , as best i know , been out on home video or cable . they 're the studios ' deep dark secret . raquel welch 's performance in this is , all things considered , very good . with the right direction and script she could played the type of sassy liberated women rosiland russel and barbara stanwyck specialized in . she looks great and has awesome costumes . mae west is the liveliest seventy-something actress i 've ever seen . on the one hand it 's kind of heartbreaking to watch her attempt to capture her glory from years gone by , but i 'm sure she needed the money . if you want to see a big budget x-rated movie from this era check out beyond the valley of the dolls ( also from fox ) because it does n't take itself seriously . it 's crazy kids playing with the equipment at a major studio . myra breckinridge tries to say something . there just was n't anyone who wanted to listen .
going down as the most expensive film in finnish history , to date , `` dark floors '' is a horror film with an extremely lynchian narrative that recounts an ever increasingly decrepit series of `` floors '' ( ironically enough ) in an abandoned hospital , in which our protagonists are trapped . lead by an autistic daughter and her father , himself disenchanted with the hospitals apparent lack of medical progress with his daughter , make their way into an elevator debating the issue with one of the hospitals nurses . accompanied by a security guard , a businessman and a seemingly intoxicated tramp the collective soon find the complex abandoned , but they are not alone . directed by finnish- born pete riski , more known for his television work , `` dark floors '' is filmed in english , using mainly english actors but has the notable inclusion of finland 's arguably most famous group `` lordi '' ( 2006 eurovision song contest winners ) as themselves , i.e . in their on stage monstrous costumes , as the films antagonists , yet for all this razzmatazz the production fails where it is needed most , in convincing the audience . any film that has their lead character use the phrase `` it 's too quiet '' is already headed down a dubious path , and this lordi influenced horror does not break that convention . for all the good ideas that are thrown into the mix there are a handful of ripe clichés alongside and worst of all , anything that is interestingly original is n't fleshed out enough for it to resonate . the concept of the degrading floors is initially highly ominous and does provide a sense of inevitable doom as the audience is aware those trapped in the hospital must progress ever further down in the mire . however , there is n't enough atmosphere created to scare and intimidate the audiences into the unknowing fear , the viewer is aware the journey will become ever more dangerous , as the levels degenerate from shiny white through to hellish black , but i do n't think the characters are aware enough of this fact for it to be threatening . also , the entire film taking place in what is essentially its own time bubble is again a very nice touch , a concept not often used in the horror genre , but the characters do n't confront the situation with enough fear and trepidation when they stumble across this fact , they continue about their business far too readily and without enough genuine concern for the idea to mean anything to the audience . these initially good ideas are just left to go to waste , as if the director and/or mr lordi ( who had many of the ideas used within the film ) had these thoughts , but could n't agree or decide on how to best use them and as such lose their purpose and point . yet for all the frustration there are large quantities of comedy , yet not for the reasons the creators would have hoped for . too much is clichéd , too much is recycled and too much is just simply ridiculous . while the lead is amicably acted by noah huntley , the characters are mere cardboard cut outs that have been pasted into the story from other films . we have a lead man doing everything possible to protect his daughter alongside a clunkily developed love interest . accompanying the `` couple '' we have the traditional token black man as a hard-nosed security guard , with the nigh on infinite clip for his sidearm , and a weasely disbelieving businessman only on the look out for himself . worst of all though , unfortunately , is the introduction of the cast of lordi as the creatures of the night that torment our wandering band of misfits , but not for them appearing as themselves . what makes a horror film scary to the viewing audience is contextualising the fear . `` the shining '' is scary because it 's a member of your own family hounding you , in `` dawn of the dead '' it 's our fear of each other and the primordial cannibalism and irrational thought patterns the zombies possess , in `` alien '' the fear is explained , the creature is rationalised and in `` dark floors '' there is none of that . perhaps it 's unfair to compare this production to these monoliths of the genre but when you do it shows it pales significantly and that it 's aggressors feel like nothing more than demented klingons where you can almost see the zip on the costumes they wear , without a build up of any atmosphere `` lordi '' just are n't scary . it 's infuriating because we all cheer for the underdog and hope they do well , you want the smaller productions to say that they can create the same quality of film as `` hollywood '' churns out , much in the similar way that george a romero started out , but it does n't always materialise . i enjoyed the film and did n't feel as if i had wasted the ninety minutes i had just sat through , but i felt enjoyment on a completely hollow level as if nothing that had occurred mattered or affected me subconsciously , emotionally or critically . i felt the almost lynchian narrative was a standout plus point , but it fades out into nothingness . why did it happen ? what does it mean ? will they go through this all again ? without even the slightest insight into what will happen the film is simply puzzling for the sake of trying to be arty . was the entire sequence of events real or was it merely a dream sequence ? had the autistic girl watched the eurovision song contest of 2006 and simply had a highly bizarre nightmare given the stress she was under ? who knows ? and unfortunately i fail to work up the energy to even care . `` dark floors '' is an infuriating experience that while ultimately shallow hallmarks potential and at the very least shows a plethora of creative energies from mr lordi , who perhaps should look into working solo to fully develop his ideas . it 's one that fans of the group or the genre should perhaps pursue but will leave you feeling left in the lurch for not having enough light shed on the situation .
you might be a bit confused if you watch this silly made-for from the beginning , since the credits list susan dey as `` special guest star . '' um , why would a one-off mow like this have a guest star ? well , if you stick with it , you 'll find yourself paying attention to little else but ms. dey 's butt , wiggling in a flowered bikini as the `` partridge family '' house babe frolics on the beach to which that imaginative title alludes . susan 's derrière is especially compelling when she shakes it at the camera while teasing and tickling her pseudo-disaffected brother in one mildly incestuous scene . sadly , susie and her tush fight a losing battle : the jiggle-tv craze that might have put that bottom over the top was three years off , so that sweet booty just gets a supporting role . in 1976 fat freddy silverman would have put that behind right out front and used this flick as susan 's audition tape for `` charlie 's angels . '' as is , our susan was denied cheesecake immortality and had to settle for a very commendable career playing somber , neurotic women . the view beyond susan 's heinie , it must be said , is not very compelling . the scenery is nice , and photographed in a bizarre , hazy way that briefly fools you into thinking there might be some quirky creative intelligence at work behind the camera . nope . it 's just a typically suspense-challenged 70 's made-for-tv thriller that allowed weekly series stars to make some extra cash ( and collect some cable residuals , though they obviously did n't know that at the time ) and show off their `` range . '' here we 're treated to a tv-scale nuclear family , squaring off against tv-scale thugs who ca n't decide whether they 're a motorcycle gang or a hippie cult ( thus the filmmakers split the difference by putting them in dune buggies ) and have never learned one of the primary lessons of 1970s television : do n't mess with dennis weaver ( see `` mccloud '' and `` duel '' ) . the only potential for depth in this movie is in the aforementioned teenage-son character of steve , played by the long-forgotten ( if ever-remembered ) kristoffer tabori , who is supposed to be rebellious and troubled and might feel some sympathy for and attraction to the lawless mob that is ( supposedly ) menacing his family . but steve , as played by tabori ( gosh , why did n't we see more from this wunderkind ? ) , is actually just grumpy and moody and is n't one bit conflicted when big d gets serious and draws a line in the proverbial ( and literal ) sand . for the sleep-deprived and susan deyniacs ( there must be some of you out there ) only .
this film is awful . the screenplay is bad , the is script mediocre , and even the sex scenes are worthless . the thrill and intrigue of the original film are completely lacking . this movie was shot in a dark , shadowy and monochromatic style ( a la `` war of the worlds '' ) , which is so disappointing after the beauty of the original film . greg morrisey 's brooding character displays one facial expression throughout the film . the twists and turns of the original plot are woefully lacking here ; the few that do exist are simply anticlimactic . the only highlight is sharon stone 's performance as catherine tramell , faithfully continued in this sequel , but it is n't enough to make up for the other shortcomings . the only circumstance under which a `` basic instinct 3 '' should be made would be if michael douglas agrees to join the cast .
first i 'd like to excuse my bad english . i 'm not a hostel-hardcore-fan , but i liked that movie nevertheless . live feed , however , sucked big time ! i have never seen a gore-movie with superb acting , but hey , who 's surprised ? the acting in live feed was ... well , not there ! i 've seen some commented this as it must have been a school project or something . okey , but not by students in media or acting school . this was no class at all ! and what about the story ? a really sad rip-off on hostel . and what about the gore ? what about the psychopathic torture scenes that supposed to make your guts twist and leave you cold-sweating ? that was the most disappointing about the hole movie ! short , quick and no edge . more like an execution rather than a torture . okey , there where buckets of blood , but it did n't even look real . the slaughtering and the violence reminded more of braindead than hostel or any of the saw-movies . and braindead was fun ! okey , i laughed at live feed a couple of times , but that was more out of disappointment than out of sheer fun ! so instead of wasting 80 minutes by watching live feed , watch anything else !
i watched this .... let me rephrase ... suffered through this because i 'm a fan of eva 's . i do n't think this is a flick she 'll put on the back of her head shot photos . i like gangsta flix but this was n't even close . the budget could n't have been more than a few hundred dollars , and that money was probably spent on the caterer . the premise was interesting , but the first victim died before you get the chance to care about her or not . i wo n't bother saying who did what and how , because it is n't worth the effort . i 'm only glad that because of my monthly rental plan at the local video store that i did n't have to actually pay for this garbage . oh ! ! before you flame on me , i love movies , i thought a lotta flix were good that some of you have jammed , so for me to jam this tells you all you need to know .
the tv guide described the plot of severed ties as thus : `` an experiment on a severed arm goes awry `` so right away i thought this was going to be about an arm that ` s got a mind of its own as seen in the beast with five fingers or the hand or someone getting an arm transplant as in body parts . both premises are tried and tested , or to be more accurate tired and tested so i was curious as to how the producers would approach the story . i actually thought they were making an arthouse movie like pi down to the use of b & w photography at the start of the film but the makers seemed to have tired of this approach after 20 seconds and decided to make a splatter comedy similar to the evil dead . i ` ve very little to say on this except that i disliked the evil dead movies and i disliked severed ties and it seems really unfair that films like this use an obscene amount of rubber when the third world is crying out for condoms
yuck ! and again i say ... yuck ! the original version of this movie was a well directed story of a man who was already dead and driving through purgatory . the original movie had a lot to say and did n't go out of its way to say it . and , it had a naked chick on a motorcycle . this version strikes me as something that a producer bought the rights to and then abandoned out of disinterest . it looks as if a group of individuals consciously decided to fit it to the nineties and changed ethnicities and genders just to be cute . the movie is not about a burnout about to commit suicide in a last act of defiance . it is about a man trying to get to a hospital to see his wife . there was no reason for this movie to have been made other than to make me angry ...
if the term itself were not geographically and semantically meaningless , one might well refer to `` ned kelly '' as an `` australian western . '' for the people down under , ned kelly was , apparently , a folk hero bandit akin to robin hood , jesse james , bonnie and clyde , and butch cassidy and the sundance kid . the descendant of irish immigrants , kelly became a fugitive and an outlaw after he was falsely accused of shooting an australian law officer , a crime for which his equally innocent mother was put into prison . to get back at the government for this mistreatment , kelly , his brother dan , and two other companions , became notorious bank robbers , winning over the hearts of many people in the countryside while striking a blow for justice in a land where irish immigrants were often treated with disrespect and disdain by those who ran the country . perhaps because we 've encountered this `` gentleman bandit '' scenario so many times in the past , `` ned kelly '' feels awfully familiar and unoriginal as it pays homage to any number of the genre 's stereotypes and clichés on its way to the inevitable showdown . ned is the typical heart-of-gold lawbreaker who kills only when he is forced to and , even then , only with the deepest regret . he also has the pulse of the common folk , as when , in the middle of a bank robbery , he returns a valuable watch to one of the customers , after one of his gang has so inconsiderately pilfered it . what movie on this particular subject has n't featured a scene like that ? it 's acts of selective generosity like this , of course , that earn him the love and respect of all the little people who come to secretly admire anyone who can get away with sticking it to the powers-that-be and the status quo . geoffrey rush plays the typical bedeviled law enforcer who feels a personal stake in bringing down this upstart troublemaker who keeps getting away with tweaking the establishment . there 's even the inevitable episode in which one of the ladies being held up goes into the next room and has sex with one of the robbers , so turned on is she by the romantic derring-do of the criminal lifestyle . and the film is riddled with one hackneyed scene like this after another . heath ledger fails to distinguish himself in the title role , providing little in the way of substance to make his character either interesting or engaging . it does n't help that he has been forced to provide a droning voice-over narration that underlines the sanctimoniousness and pretentiousness of both the character and the film . `` ned kelly '' might serve a function of sorts as a lesson in australian history , but as an entertainment , it 's just the same old story told with different accents .
the deceptive cover , title and very small hidden print of power of prayer tricked me into renting this movie . it started out really well and pulled me in . i really liked it . between 1/3 and 3/4 's of it , the film started throwing in things that were not set up and made no sense . my first thought was , `` this is not written by someone who knows how to tell a story . '' i ended up re-watching parts of the movie , thinking i had missed something . by the time i reached the last 1/5 of the movie , it was all boring , annoying , religion thumping dialog that made no sense , said nothing , and was annoying to listen to ; i turned off the sound and did a fast forward to the end . do n't waste your time with this flick . beware of dvds labeled whitlow films and level path productions . and i 'm a practicing catholic .
- contains miner spoilers - i have seen a number of decent indie horror films such as the hamiltons , the boys love mandy lane and cabin fever ; unfortunately i felt five across the eyes does not fall into this category . from start to finish the film is plagued with amateurish acting resonating from a very poor script , god only knows why the writer ( s ) thought dialogue such as `` no do n't go out there ; do n't go out there she 'll get you : if she gets you she 'll kill you and if she kills you you 're dead '' is of movie quality . this film displays very little character development and to be honest i could n't care less about what pain and torture was inflicted upon them as they are just a group of ditsy college girls who show almost no redeeming qualities ' . all they do is cry and whinge throughout the entire movie and if the girls are n't crying their arguing ; when they do converse the topics are completely random : about dating boys or how one of the girls father was recently cremated ( appropriate subjects when you 're being chased by a psychotic killer ) . the soundtrack is also abysmal exhibiting corny techno music during both the start and end credits ( although hearing the credit music knowing the end was nearing seemed like heaven ) . the camera-work is appalling and at times makes the film unwatchable . i 'm guessing due to having little or no budget the director was limited to just one digital camera which resides in the girls ' car almost the entire movie . i think this was an effort to stick the audience as close to the action as possible : to feel and experience what the girls are going through . but due to a very shaky camera , grainy picture and being too close to the action it can be hard to tell what is going on during action scenes and is simply chaotic . it 's one thing to make a film subjective but it 's another to have action on the screen that an audience ca n't decipher because of the poor cinematography . i understand that five across the eyes is a low budget indie film but that does not excuse the extremely poor quality . there are no redeeming factors to this film : bad acting , poor scripting , shoddy camera-work and no story . in light off all this i decided to give the film 1 out of 10 as it left me very disappointed ; wanting a meteor to hit the earth bringing me sweet relief . its 94 minutes off stupid college girls crying , arguing , aimlessly running and having random inappropriate conversations . however , how many times do you get to see girls defecating into their hands and throwing the crap onto the windscreen of a chasing car .
the little mermaid is one of my absolute favorite disney movies . i 'm sorry to say , however , that disney completely messed up when they made this sequel . i 'll admit it has some good points to it . the songs are n't bad , and the animation is clean and clear . there is some humor , i 'm sure -- i do n't remember , because after watching it i immediately banned it from appearing before my eyes again . the worst point of this movie is the plot . in this movie , ariel becomes her father . she forbids her daughter to go near the sea ( yes , out of fear ) , just as she was forbidden to go near the land . i personally think that , given her past , ariel would maintain some of her headstrong ways and not treat her daughter like she herself was treated . besides this fact , ursula was replaced by a non-scary , pathetic sort of sea witch ( the underfed , forgotten sister ) who is more comical than scary . she , too , has some little underling to do her bidding -- but she 's not scarier or worse than ursula . ursula spoiled us with her believability for badness . this sea witch is a joke . to make matters worse , flounder is a fat , deep-voiced father ( no longer the cute guppy we all know and love ) and eric 's voice is not even done by the same actor ( something that always annoys me in a remake/sequel ) . ( his voice difference was very obvious to me , by the way ! ) i felt that the only reason this movie was made was so that disney could catch a few fast dollars , something i hate to think about a corporation i actually really do enjoy . i felt that this plot lacked imagination . i know that this act ( child following in the footsteps of a parent ) happens , but ariel was different . that was what we loved so much about her . she had a dream , she fell in love , and she made that dream come true . until she appeared in this movie , that is . then she became just like the other adults . this is n't the ariel i know . and i do n't like her . i know of some children who have enjoyed this film , and i know some adults who did n't mind it , either . but for me , and for all of you out there who have the utmost love for ariel , please do n't see this movie . the ariel we know dies within , resurrected only for a song or two and one final scene that actually is n't bad ( where she accepts the water back again ) -- although she takes very little part in the ending , regardless .
alan ( anthony steffen ) , an english multi-millionaire with a few screws loose ( thanks to his first wife 's infidelity and untimely death during childbirth ) , entices sexy , red-headed women to his castle , offering them bundles of cash to stay the weekend . once back at his ancestral pile , he gets them nekkid , proceeds to flog them with a bull-whip , and then kills them . but when he meets blonde hottie gladys ( marina malfatti ) and falls for her ample charms , he decides to give up his murderous ways and get married . their wedded bliss is short-lived , however , thanks to alan 's iffy mental state , which becomes increasingly fragile when his dead wife evelyn starts to appear outside his window and a spate of gruesome murders occur within the castle grounds . so let 's recap : a groovy 70s euro-horror with loads of tasty women in various states of undress ; spooky gothic retreats and misty graveyards ; a sadistic rich psycho with a penchant for drop-dead gorgeous babes with cracking bods ; several vicious murders ( including a great bit where one victim has her head bashed in with a rock and her entrails eaten by foxes ) . normally , a checklist like that would guarantee me a good time—so why did i find 'the night evelyn came out of her grave ' so dull ? well , for starters , the plot is way too convoluted : there are red herrings , crazy plot developments , and suspects galore , and it all becomes a bit too much . by the ridiculous ending—in which we discover that , all along , several people have been plotting to get their greedy paws on alan 's wealth , and that our red-head killing nut-job is actually supposed to be the hero of the movie—my head was hurting too much to care ! secondly , emilio maraglia 's direction is pretty torpid . stylish , yes ; but as slow as molasses at times . and then there 's the bits that are just too damn silly , possibly even for a giallo : the death by poisonous snake bite ( surely one of the most bizarre choices of weapon ever ) ; alan 's aunt agatha , an old crippled relative who is played by a pretty young woman ; the hiring of a group of identical curly headed blondes as maids ; the poor attempt at convincing the audience that the film is set in england ( mentioning 'pounds ' and hiring a crap police uniform for one of the extras is not enough ) ; and then , of course , there is the unlikelihood of finding a bag of sulphuric acid laying next to a swimming pool ... 'the night evelyn came out of her grave ' is n't a total waste of time ( how could it be , with so much female flesh on show ? ) , but there are much better giallo 's out there . watch this one if you 're a fan of the genre and you 've already seen the best—but do n't expect too much .
i was one of quite a few extras in this big bomb . i just happened to be in the right place working safety for the race scenes at a.i.r . as it was know as back then.thank goodness my scene in in the first few minutes of the movie and i do n't have to sit through the whole thing . it was more of a big party than a movie set but hey , the pay was good.attention to detail was not a strong point for this one , but who was going to know.the funny thing was seeing the cars in the track at the really slow speed and then in the movie speeded up to the what was close to normal speed.a lot of the scenes were changed as they were filmed i suppose to shave cost and time.but every one was having such a good time who cared !
do n't watch this serbian documentary and serbian propaganda look out for this documentary and you will see facts and truth http : //imdb.com/title/tt0283181/ the death of yugoslavia documentary series ( of five episodes ) is a painstakingly compiled and researched account of the extended mass-bloodshed which marked the end of the old federal yugoslavia and spanned almost the entire first half of the 1990 's . it includes a huge wealth of news footage and interviews with involved parties both `` yugoslav '' and otherwise . the only real `` improvement '' which could be made to this amazing achievement would be the inclusion of later developments in the balkans since the program was made . this was indeed done in the late 1990 's for a repeat showing on bbc television , but the addition of some even more recent events would help to complete this admirably detailed and fulsome piece of work . perhaps another whole episode might be warranted ? the very succinct title of this documentary was made all the more appropriate by the eventual abandonment of the term `` yugoslavia '' by the now-named federal republic of serbia and montenegro - a much belated and formal admission of that which occurred years before . not fiction like in `` yugoslavia : the avoidable war ( 1999 ) ''
i actually intended to see this movie in the theatre . it was actually sold out . i actually went to see solaris instead , which actually was the worst movie to be released in 2002 . victor rosa ( john leguizamo ) , a tough , streetwise 'street pharmacist ' , freaks out when he sees a kid get shot , so he decides to go clean and invest all of his money with jack ( peter sarsgaard ) . things seem to be going pretty well until jack skips town with his girlfriend trish ( denise richards ) . this happened very late in the movie , so had they not revealed this in the preview , it might have been an interesting twist . but they did , so it 's not . in fact , there 's not a single interesting thing about this movie ; everything is given away in the preview . if you saw even one preview , you saw the whole movie , so you might just want to think really hard to fill in the gaps . go to the website , download the preview , save yourself $ 3.99 . there is not a single surprise or twist in the entire film , other than how terrible the soundtrack is . i hope that whoever was in charge of writing the soundtrack was fired . twice . most of it is what music would be like if the only songs allowed to be released were ricky martin and gloria estefan duets , and ( i may shatter the fabric of the space-time continuum with a concept as mind-numbing as this ) they both had less talent and musical ability . the acting is at best poor , the script is at best a crime against humanity , and denise richards is at best 67 % styrofoam and 33 % ziploc bag . you know things are bad when john leguizamo ( he was in the pest ! ) upstages the rest of the cast with his acting abilities .
let me being by saying the i followed watching this video by watching saw and after bleed , saw looked like the all time greatest horror flick ever even though i thought it was only fairly good . bleed is pretty bad . the best part is seeing the female cast nude . the gore is very fake looking and over-done . it has its funny parts but its extremely predictable and i did n't want to stay to see the horrible ending . if i could , i would ban these actors and actresses , the only reason being is that debbie rochon ( maddy ) has been in over a hundred other videos and i 've also seen two other members of the cast in equally or worse motion pictures . they should not allowed to continue this madness .
this movie has no plot , no character development , and no budget . it really sucks to put it in short terms . since there is no development for the movie , it really ca n't even be looked as trying to be artistic or trying to make a statement against torture . which leaves two other reasons to possibly watch it . to be shocked or to get off on it like a sick little freak . well it falls short here too . the girl 's reactions just seem dumb . it 's extremely easy to tell that it 's fake ( honestly professional wrestling looks more realistic than the crap they try to get by with in this movie . they throw innards on her , but she 's asleep for most of it , so it 's just kinda dumb . the only really kind of worthwhile part is the end when they quickly cut from scene to scene just before the needle goes into her eye . but honestly the girl is extremely ugly and everything is incredibly fake , with the exception of the eye . if you want a good movie about torture , go watch hostel and hostel 2 . not only do they both contain realistic violence , but there is also an actual storyline that draws you in and makes you care about the people . plus the tow movies really work on a deeper level considering themes like american fears of foreigners , issues of morality , testing how far a person can go , human instincts vs. civilization , and many other things . plus they are carefully written and contain some good humor when the story is n't focused on the violence . these are much better choices over this piece of crap
the movie seemed to appeal me because of the new type of pokemon celebi . but the plot was out of course and did n't have as an interest as the other movies . it was a waste of money and time . the same corny humor and cliche bad guys . the movie was of no use to make if you wanted to make pokemon famous . the movie should better not associated with animes such as dragonballz , digimon , or yu-gi-oh . the drawing and settings are of no level rising to the standards of original anime . it is a shame even to talk about this movie . i bet pokemon fans will be disappointed with the outcome of the movie and give up on pokemon . digimon is more of an anime and does n't fall anywhere close to pokemon.it 's second movie is coming out late 2002 .
if you ever watched the dukes of hazard you know that you never had to worry about drugs or cussing or crude behavior being seen by young children . if you 've seen the movie you know that is no longer the case ! this movie was horrible ! main characters doing drugs and thinking it is funny and cool is certainly not what i call entertainment . they took a wonderful show and just turned it into trash . daisy who was a little flirtatious in the original show now looks and acts like she belongs on the street corner getting paid for her services . i was so excited about seeing this movie before it came out , 15 minutes into the movie i was ready to leave . i stayed thinking it had to get better but instead it got worse by the minute . i wish i had never seen this movie . it trashed a good show and left nothing but horrible taste in my mouth when i left . do yourself a favor , go see something worth your money , cause it 's not only a waste of money but a waste of 2 hours of your life you will never get back !
the return is one of those movies for that niche group of people who like movies that bore and confuse them at the same time . sarah michelle gellar plays a lame buisnesswoman who does not kill vampires or get naked at all throughout the movie . i was willing to put up with this , however i was not willing to put up with the worst editing ever combined with pointless flashbacks . at the end it turns out she crashes her car into herself when she was young . or maybe i 'm wrong and that was just a flashback . with this movie it 's impossible to tell . can you believe the same dude who made army of darkness produced this crap ? a much better idea is to stay at home and watch army of darkness on sci fi channel . that movie had it all : sluts , zombies and a dude with a chainsaw for an arm . the forgotten did n't even have one of these things .
having read some good reviews about this film i thought it was about time i go and see it . well i do n't know why i bothered . basically this family is entrusted with a clue that leads to a whole big stash of ancient treasure , hidden by the knights templar during the war of independence . apparently it had to be kept out of the hands of the british at all costs . firstly , why did said knights move the treasure from europe to america ? how did nic cages character figure out that 'charlotte ' was in fact a ship ? how do they figure out all the clues and riddles in about a minute ? and how could two people suddenly become master thieves and steal what is probably the best guarded bit of paper in the world ? these are just some of the plot holes in this inane bit of hollywood action gone wrong . cage has been in some great action movies - 'face-off ' and 'the rock ' - so why has he lowered himself to this ? is he getting too old ? ! his character is pretty annoying really - somehow this 'ordinary ' guy steals the declaration of independancd , outruns thieves with guns , escapes from the fbi and generally seems invincible . the whole film does n't really make any sense and all in all it was quite a disappointment .
this show seemed to be kinda good . kyra sedgwick is an ok actress and i like police series , but somewhere in the production this program went awfully wrong . first of all , the writers should have more suspects than one , you know who did it every time ! ! ! ! ! that makes it boring . the main character is unbelievably annoying and its not believable in any way . i know they wanted her to be tough , but shes mean , stupid and a bad chief . the crimes are uninteresting and bland , and its just lame all the way . as stated above , i hate it .... all in all , this was a big disappointment and very bad indeed ...
i have to say although this movie was formulaic throughout with a plot stolen from films like friday the 13th/i know what you did last summer , this movie was n't that bad . in fact it was n't as bad as most of the horror films hollywood has released recently . the killings although at times a little too imaginative were in most instances just that , original . the cast was mediocre which is to be expected from low-budget features but much better than what that much bigger studio artisan/lions gate has been offering . my only real complaint that was n't due to the film 's budget , which must have been small , was the contrived `` twist '' ending . i 'm sorry but this is what put this film in the bad category for me . the ending was just stupid and tacked on . before that i was a little bored , but actually enjoying it . 4/10
there was not one original idea in this story . themes were pulled from various sources ; a few being the ninth gate , in the mouth of madness ( another carpenter film ) , and the ring . it even went as far as featuring the same damn glowing circle from the ring and using it as the film 's namesake . the soundtrack by cody carpenter was all but lifted from suspiria . hopefully no one will oppose this comment by spewing the word homage around . yes , i saw that the theater was playing argento 's deep red . claiming an homage would be a bullshit cop-out . this was bottom-of-the-barrel . throwing gore and `` disturbing '' imagery into the pot does not make a good horror film . carpenter used to know that . he should fade into obscurity or acquire a time machine .
as i am not a blood and guts fan i found the gory scenes totally unnecessary ( you spell it ) and too real for my liking , if you 're the type of person who gets their rocks off on beheadings on the internet or snuff movies i say go for it , it beggars belief what sort of person dreams this sick crap up though . apart from that it had the potential to be a great movie , the music was top class too ( through the movie and especially the end credits ) . some parts though were a bit unbelievable , like you 've just been found by your girlfriend trust up awaiting torture and death and all you do is tell her about what had happened and how you got there , ( why did n't he ask her if she happened to have any wipes or even some air freshner or a piece of gum while he was at it ? ) , come on now , most would probably just scream `` hurry up and untie me then lets get the f * * * out of here quick ! '' . where were the flys , maggots etc , and when the girl accidentally came across the place surely the stench of rotten flesh would have sounded a few alarm bells ! i would only recommend this movie to friends of dennis niellson and the like , i 'm sure a video like this would make sickos like that have a very happy christmas .
saw a trailer for this on another video , and decided to rent when it came out . boy , was i disappointed ! the story is extremely boring , the acting ( aside from christopher walken ) is bad , and i could n't care less about the characters , aside from really wanting to see nora 's husband get thrashed . christopher walken 's role is such a throw-away , what a tease !
i know , i know , `` plan 9 from outer space '' is the worst movie , or maybe `` manos , the hands of fate . '' but i ca n't get worked up over those sock-monkey movies . of * course * they 're bad . how could they be any good ? but if you 're talking about movies with respectable production values and bankable talent , the t. rex of all turkeys has to be `` yentl . '' all the treacly phoniness , all the self-absorbed asininity , that stains everything barbra streisand has done since 1964 , reaches its culmination in this movie . from its lonely summit of awfulness , `` yentl '' looks back to `` a star is born '' and forward to `` the mirror has two faces . '' there is nothing else quite like it . what emotional undertow dragged streisand out to make this movie i would rather not speculate , and what audience she was playing to i can not possibly imagine , although i 'll bet there 's a nine in ten chance you are n't a member of it . nobel prize-winner and saintly guardian of yiddish literature isaac bashevis singer was so outraged by what streisand did to his story that he blasted her in public for it . it is a tribute to streisand 's impenetrable vulgarity that she not only did n't commit suicide , but went on to make more awful movies .
gene hackman gets himself busted out of prison by a nameless government agency who want him for an assassination . it 's a given of course that hackman has the proficient skills for the job . nobody tells him anything though , he 's given as the audience is given bits and pieces of information . that 's supposed to be suspenseful , instead it 's annoying and boring . hackman goes through with the mission , but the getaway is messed up and the guy at the top of this mysterious entity orders everybody dead to cover it up . so everyone in the cast dies and at the end you do n't really care . one of the other reviewers pointed out that the film was originally twice as long , almost three hours and got chopped down quite a bit . maybe something really was lost in the translation , but i tend to think it was a mercy act on the audience . a very talented cast that had people like richard widmark , candice bergen , mickey rooney , eli wallach , and edward albert is so thoroughly wasted here it 's a crime . and we never do find out just what federal agency was doing all this , the fbi , the cia , the dea or even the irs .
billy chung siu hung 's ( the bloody swordplay film assassin from 1993 ) film love to kill ( hong kong , 1993 ) is among the strongest products of the category iii boom that inhabited the hk cinema in early nineties . it consisted of films with strong sex , nudity and violence , more or less gratuitous and shock valued only . love to kill definitely belongs to the `` more '' category with some unforgettable ideas and pieces of celluloid sickness . the hk psycho anthony wong ( from the award winning the untold story by herman yau , from the same year ) plays a business man and a husband who likes to torture , humiliate and rape his young wife ( elizabeth lee mei fung ) who for some reason does n't leave him and save herself and their little son from the disturbed tormentor . a policeman ( danny lee , the famous police character actor from films like dr. lamb ( 1992 ) by billy tang ( and co-directed by lee ) and the killer ( 1989 ) by john woo to name just a few ) however sees the problem and starts to protect the wife and the son but anthony naturally does n't like this at all , and leads it all into the typical ultra-mean spirited and graphic finale during a rain storm . the film is almost completely without any serious merits as it 's just a piece of exploitation in order to cash in when these kind of films were so popular . the imagery and happenings are something never found in the western cinema , at least in mainstream , and it all becomes even more mind-blowing when some/most taboos for westerners , like violence and perversions witnessed by a child , are broken in these films so often that reading the plotlines alone would make most viewers feel sick , and that goes perfectly especially for this film too . the film still has a rather interesting and creepy soundtrack in the tradition of the mentioned dr. lamb which practically started the whole boom in 1992 . usually the music and soundtrack in hk films is interesting and adds to the imagery , especially in these terror films . also the cinematography is worth mentioning as the film bathes , especially in the finale , in blue colors and camera lenses ( as does assassin , too ) , and the raging storm is captured nicely on the camera . otherwise there 's nothing that would rate the film any higher other than on the nastiness-meter . the actors and actresses are talented and professional and so do n't make the film any worse with their acting . still the film has the usual hk humor in it which makes the sick goings-on even sicker as some `` humor '' is thrown into the soup . that includes some jokes about danny lee 's erection and so on .. something that could never be found in the western `` serious '' films either . and that thing usually destroys mane otherwise noteworthy hk films as the humor is just so obvious way and attempt to entertain the audience and masses . the film has a very high outrageousness level as it has numerous scenes depicting the abuse of wong 's wife in various ways . she gets raped and molested , beaten and kicked by her husband . we also get to see some flashbacks from wong 's own childhood which turns out to be equally violent as his own father killed too and turned his young son into what he is now . these flashback scenes , mostly at the end of the film , include also some totally unexpected experiences as the imagery is speeded up ( for example the hits of an axe ) and that creates completely insane and mean spirited atmosphere to the scene . again something that only hk exploitation makers seem to be able to come up with . the ending itself includes plenty of sudden and shocking gore as the madman wields his axe and meets also some nails , for example , on his furious way . the film is also genuinely pretty `` suspicious '' in my opinion as the violence and terror is realistically painful and deals with things that should never be taken as entertainment , mostly i mean rape . the version i saw ( i 've seen two versions ) includes a very long and completely nauseating rape scene that just tries to be as sadistic as possible . i 'm not sure does the hk audience really like imagery like this but i think no one with some sense for morality in films/entertainment would never accept or make something like it . women get brutalized and killed in the most sadistic and low ways so that the fates of the men seem almost tame when compared to the females . the other version i saw , the newly released dvd in hk ( without subtitles ) has this `` table brutality '' scene in a much longer form than the subtitled taiwanese dvd which is otherwise identical to the hk version . i 've also heard that the old hk laserdisc is different from these two and since the end credits are filled with scenes and images not found in the actual film , it is impossible to say how `` uncut '' versions these that have been released or shown theatrically are . obviously plenty of footage has been cut out , possibly even before the theatrical release . the film is written by law gam fai and lau wing kin , the former having written also films like dr. lamb , the untold story and gunmen ( kirk wong , 1988 ) but out of his other films that i 've seen , love to kill is the most gratuitous . dr. lamb and the untold story both are very brutal and violent but have also some attempt to some criticism towards the authorities and men in general as how it is easy to turn into a beast when chasing or fighting one . the harrowing torture imagery of the untold story , the victim being the criminal , is very strong and definitely has its impact to change something that may be rotten in the society and among the police for example . but there 's none of this in love to kill , it is just honest , calculated and fastly made exploitation which is , by the way , produced by a veteran director kirk `` organized crime & triad bureau ( 1993 ) , crime story ( 1993 ) '' wong ! love to kill earns no more than 2/10 from me as i do n't have too high appreciation on films like this . ( hk ) cinema is meant to be and can be more and films like love to kill are only commercial parasites living among the real pieces of the art .
i suppose many people comment/review their first movie on imdb because the movie was spectacular or horrible -- i 'm writing due to the latter . i was excited for the sequel to `` wargames '' .. i thought the original was quite good considering its time period and content , i felt it was worth watching more than once . this being 2008 , i had high hopes for what they would do with this film . computers , gaming , terror , military over-zealousness have all grown so much since the time of the first film , and `` wargames : the dead code '' had an opportunity to bring it all into a great flick . the movie failed on pretty much every level , but i particularly blame the writers and anyone who had any input regarding the realism of gaming aspects . `` the dead code '' was a 1990 's air flight simulator with a few people on the ground waving their arms . meanwhile , will farmer is button mashing about 7,000 commands -- none of which are impacting what is happening on the screen . until finally he `` wins '' by clicking a box on the screen with his mouse that release gas that instantly kills 20,000 virtual people ( nobody is near the gas ) . because he beat 5 levels in 15 minutes , this tells ripley ( the real life war machine ) that he is a high level terror threat . even though any 5-16 year old could complete this same task - the government believes he is a lethal threat to humanity . they say things like `` he has expert knowledge of bio-terror '' ... he displayed less knowledge than someone who read the first 3 paragraphs of the wiki entry on bio-terror . so then a movie-long chase scene with about .01 % of the budget and excitement of any of the bourne titles ensues . they have about 1000 opportunities to catch him and clear up the entire matter .. sometimes they are mad they barely miss him .. but other times they masterfully create opportunities just let him go intentionally to follow him . ugh ... i would write more .. but i already wasted 1.5 hours watching this , i would rather watch the broderick and joshua play tic-tac-toe for 1.5 hours .
( only minor spoilers except as noted ) . i 've enjoyed a lot of spanish cinema recently ; both the actual spanish cinema of people like almodovar , and the latin american cinema of directors like del toro , whose superb `` devil 's backbone '' , set in civil war spain , was the finest horror film of the last decade . it 's no surprise , then , that this film is both well-made , well-acted , and manages to sustain that distinctively different spanish atmosphere . but it 's also as nasty and pointless a film as one could hope not to have to see . what actually is the purpose of all this ? we have no real idea what caused the creepy central character to embark on his killing spree , despite the fact that large amounts of narrative voice-over are drawn directly from his own narcissistic journal . in a routinely unpleasant opening sequence , set more than a decade earlier , we see the central character killing his girlfriend in a rage of jealousy and control-freakery ( `` if i ca n't have you nobody can . '' ) . oddly enough , that is perhaps one of the best sequences in the film , but it has no discernible relation to his subsequent killing spree , which appears completely different in both motivation and execution . what happened to him in jail to cause this change ? we have no idea , though we do later discover , as an absurd sort of afterthought , that he obtained a law degree while imprisoned . in britain , in several of our notorious `` serial killer '' or `` sex killer '' cases , the terrible question arises ; what about the wife ? did she know , or suspect what was going on ? this is a question that this film could have asked , and indeed the wife does begin to emerge as one of the more intriguing characters . but banally , the answer to the question is quite clearly : `` no , she did n't '' . even when a dramatic opportunity like this is presented on a plate , the film still manages to bungle it . all we actually get , sketched perfunctorily out at the end , is her slightly amoral preparedness to cash in on the proceeds after the event . compare this to the awful revelatory moment in ten rillington place , where christie 's wife says `` you know what i mean . '' thereby sealing her own fate and allowing us an appalled glimpse into unimaginable chasms of suppressed knowledge and horror . ( major spoiler in this paragraph ) . in the meantime , we are supposed to believe that the killer himself is a criminal mastermind who comprehensively outwits the police , thereby securing the briefest of incarcerations in a mental hospital before being released so that he can kill again . how exactly did he achieve this ? the plot gets extremely sketchy at this point ; something to do with deliberately leaving certain clues for the police ; but how this all works or why , or how the subsequent court case actually proceeds , remains a mystery . i actually do n't believe serial killers are like this . the silence of the lambs may be comic book stuff , but – lecter aside – it gets its serial killers right . they are deeply disturbed , deeply dysfunctional , deeply inadequate people ; not the creepily charming mastermind presented here ( closely related to the equally implausible suave killer of the last horror movie , or indeed even man bites dog , though it appears not to have been noticed that that was a satire ) . this film has little suspense , and bungles what little intrigue the plot might have generated . it has nothing useful to say about the motivations of serial killers , either generally , or in the specific cultural milieu of spain . this is nothing more than a poorly plotted excuse to show some pretty misogynistic violence to women . and oddly , what makes that violence even more repulsive is a certain prissy failure of nerve even in how it is presented . the soft core character of what is actually shown just makes it seem even more repellently titillatory . just one explicit shot , properly timed , would have been infinitely more shocking , and would have rendered all the rest completely unnecessary , freeing up more film time to flesh out the gaping holes in plot and characterisation . instead we just get endless shots of young women vulnerably spreadeagled on a table in their pretty but slightly revealing underwear . very , very creepy . i 'm sorry to be rude ; i love horror films , and can tolerate even the most extreme , to the extent even of worrying my partner . but i think anyone who finds this film good , or interesting , even i 'd find myself edging away from . the purpose of a horror film is to scare you ; this is just lascivious . it leaves a very bad taste in the mouth indeed . i have to give this film more than one star just because it 's competently executed , but morally it deserves none at all and should never have been made .
this is by far the worst movie i have ever watched . i 've seen some pretty awful movies in my time but this ones takes the cake , no , wait , i mean the the whole damn bakery . it is so bad that i believe a word to describe the way you will feel after watching this atrocity has yet to be created . please just do yourself a favor , if you ever get the urge to watch this and watch thirty minutes of that annoying purple dinosaur barney , then multiply that thirty times fold and you would still only get a small fraction of the horror you would be in store for . in summation , i guess you really can call it a horror movie , but only if you 're willing to be scared senseless by the worst acting in the business and utterly pointless story . real rating , -10 disgusting
i have made it my personal mission to go after those responsible for this film . i even got the rental company to give me my money back because i argued that they perpetrated false advertising . it 's not enough that the movie itself is a p.o.s. , but the cover art is what sold me . i 've done better make-up effects on my children at halloween than what the movie actually depicts versus the cover art . can you say `` raccoon eyes ? '' i 'm not going to waste more of my time by going into the full details , but come on , the movie 's main character is an l.a. cop who was born and raised in alabama - but has a german accent ! ? ! it 's beyond insulting .
like last year , i did n't manage to sit through the whole thing . okay , so chris rock as a host was a good choice because he was vaguely engaging . or rather , out of all the total bores packed into the theatre , he at least was n't in the top 10 most boring . a lot of the presenters , on the other hand , were in this coveted top 10 . i had n't known that the whole thing had been done by autocue ( although i knew it was scripted ) but it was really terrible to see these supposedly good actors unable to insert expression , look away from the cue and stumble over simple words ( natalie portman if there 's no director , she 's gone ) . the night of fancy dresses and boring speeches was long and tedious , beyonce knowles butchered some good songs and there were very few decent acceptance speeches and clips . adam sandler wins the worst presenter award . for helping me write this review i 'd like to thank my mum , my dad , my lawyers and my pedicurist for all believing in me , and i 'd like to point out that i have a high metabolism and of course i have n't been starving myself for a month . i 'm not going to cry ... thank you .
`` the screaming skull '' opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it - now there 's a hook ! the story itself has a fairly interesting premise for a horror flick : scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness , then attempts to convince her that she 's going insane with shrill noises , mysterious knocking and skulls that turn up at inopportune times . add to the formula a sufficiently creepy gardener who still cherishes the memory of the man 's first wife who he was devoted to . maybe it 's just that the 1950 's did n't have the technology to pull off some of the scare scenes needed to juice up this movie , the techniques used here seem contrived and mundane . but then again , when i first saw `` house on haunted hill '' as a nine year old , it gave me the heebie jeebies in the same way i 'm sure this film did for young viewers of the same era . do n't get me wrong , the film is not terrible , it just seems to get tedious at times . but there 's some great atmospheric tension in the generally huge but unfurnished whitlock home , and the gardens and pool are a nice touch . for me the best played out scene involves eric whitlock ( john hudson ) going maniacal in the pond attempting to retrieve the hidden skull , he just wades right in clothes and all , in neat contrast to the mentally challenged gardener ( director alex nicol in a dual role ) . it makes you wonder who the real dimwit was . in it 's own good way , perhaps the most shocking thing about the film : how about that neat roadster the whitlock 's make their first appearance in - gull wing doors in 1958 ! that at least made me jump out of my seat !
very badly made film , the action/violence scenes are ridiculous . 1 point for the presence of burton and mastroianni + 1 point for the real tragic event of the massacre of the innocent italians : 2/10 .
i was bored , around 10pm , so i watched this movie . and i could not stop laughing . everything was so ridiculous . the way the kids were acting like they were older than 11 just cracked me up . one of the kids had a ring , that supposedly killed people after 3 or so years . it gave me the impression that he wanted to be a gangster . it 's pretty hard to take little kids seriously , especially when it has to do with eating worms . they act like everything is such a big deal , like if billy ( the main character ) does n't eat the worms then the world will end . this is a good movie for little kids ( excluding the fact that a 5 year old says 'penis ' ) , but not for teens or adults who do n't want to waste their time .
thhe2 is entertaining in that you 'll laugh a lot and cringe and probably say `` oh sh * t ! '' and `` get your face away from the goddamn hole you dumb * * s '' or things along those lines but i do n't know if its really worth seeing- i was very annoyed throughout the entirety with the horrible military characters who do n't seem to know the first thing about combat . yes there was more violence , gore , and a higher body count than the first one but i am still am debating whether that cancels out my feeling throughout the whole movie about how ridiculous it is ( and not a good ridiculousness like dead alive or feast ) . my time would have been better spent watching aja 's remake for the 5th time . so go for some laughs , or go for some gore , but do n't go hoping to come out of it satisfied .
in the future of 1985 , a governmental committee headed by howard hesseman , is holding hearings on tv 's first uncensored network . they sample it 's programming , that play as a series of skits . i can name the good 'skit ' movies on one hand , not using my thumb . `` amazon women on the moon '' , `` kentucky fried movie '' , `` the meaning of life '' , and `` mr. mike 's mondo video '' . notice how i did n't mention `` tunnel vision '' ? the reason for that is that this 'movie ' is death in cinematic form . none of the skits are even remotely funny , or even the least bit clever . it takes some sort of great ineptitude on the film makers ' part to not even get one laugh out of me . my grade : f eye candy : dody dorn goes full frontal
'chances are ' a big mistake to see . you could know director emile ardolino from 'dirty dancing ' and 'sister act ' and should expect something amusing from him . but i guess i have to disillusion you . he made a really , really bad movie . according to the story christopher mcdonald dies to reburn as a baby . the baby grows up robert downey jr , and jr returns his former home town where she meets his former daughter , mary stuart masterson ( complicated , huh ? ) . they fall in love with each other . then appears jr former wife , cybill shepherd , and jr falls in love with her too . i guess i do n't even have to mention that she loves ryan o'neil . in one of his first roles robert downey jr 's on his worst . he copies michael j fox . after the 'moonlighting ' shepherd proves that she 's not suitable for acting in movies . anyway , there 's one thing this unfunny comedy can be used : as antidote to insomnia .
i turn on 700 club once in awhile and only agree with some of the statements made- i 'm one of many believers that is considered liberal by most christians and conservative by most non-christians . i vote my mind , and its usually not rep. or dem . - i do n't believe 700 club tells people what to believe , but that it represents many older christians that grew up in very conservative backgrounds . i think many folks misunderstand what is said on 700 club . it bums me out to hear name calling either direction . i think 700 club folks really do love jesus but are so busy trying to get people to vote conservatively that they 've forgotten to show love to certain people and promote peace like jesus did . please do n't judge jesus based on ignorant individuals that believe on him and let 's also not be as ignorant with our comments about them . why are people so mean to each other ?
as far as heist movies go , this one is pretty weak . continuity is pretty lousy , there is n't enough character continuity to really feel like you understand any of the characters . peter falk is great , and he is one of the reasons its worth watching . falk has some great lines , like `` he 'll be right back , he goin ' buy to some saugages '' or something like that ... there are a few nice scenes , although they are entirely due to the efforts of the actors . direction , script , and editing is pretty lousy .
semana santa is jaw-droppingly bad . it 's so wrong in so many ways i do n't where to begin . so , let 's see ... mira sorvino , whose judge husband has been shot while protecting her , goes from madrid to seville for her cop job . during the holy week ( semana santa , see ? ... everybody begins to fall sleep .. told u it was bad in so many points , even from the beginning ) , a killer executes his victims like bulls in a bullfighting arena . she teams up with male chauvinist pig olivier martinez and nice feodor atkine . soon she discovers she 'll be the next target of the killer ( who wears a red robe ) . why , oh but why ? why .. ; that 's the questionthat has been in my head the whole movie . q : why did go to see that a : because i love mira sorvino ( i even excuse her for that at first sight crap ) q : why were we only 8 people in the theater this saturday on the first week end of release ? a : ah-ah-ah . spider-man got relaesed the same day . but also the fact that the movie has been blast with execrable reviews . q : why this movie has been made ? a : money i guess . but boy did mira need the money . then ... why ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? first of all , there 's always something wrong with european co-productions . here you got a french-english-german-italian-spanish-danish production . yi-ha . then it wants to play on the same playgroung as us thrillers/slashers/whodunit/mysteries/whatever . even valentine , though unnecessary and badly scripted and shot , was much better in the suspense and the fun . then , to give some credit to the story , the screenwriter wanted to add some political sight to the story . wrong : done in flash-backs in a traffic-like photography , it 's certainly the most interesting thing i n the movie . could have stick to it , it would n't have to sit through the whole movie . better go straight to guillermo del tros 's the devil 's backbone ( el espinazo del diablo ) for some clever fun . then the homophobia . bullseye ! the first victims are s & m drug addicted gay twins who got stabbed to death . the annoying olivier martinez goes to a dating agency held by a badly shaved overweight transvestive with a blond platinum wig . calls mira sorvino 's character a big dyke all the time . do we need this kind of stuff ? nah . just needless offensive remarks , just like ol'times . then the suspense . yipee . no apparent motive . the first murders are plain illusion as they 're a representation of a famous painting . but no . and the revelation of the killer ( a horrible fascist , of course ) could have been done from the beginning as he appears at the end of the movie as , i guess , it was time for the director to say `` weel , time to finish that damn movie . let 's reveal right now who the killer is and why he kills '' . then the director thinks he 's a director . wrong : no sense of suspense , no sense of directing the actors , no knowledge of change of pace . a giant , mega-bore . the scenes of the holy week are needless ( maybe a co-production rule saying : ok , shoot in sevilla but show some creditsof this beautiful and historical town with the celebrations of easter . there we are : a mystery movie for tourists ! ) then the actors . all wrongs . mira sorvino bores herself to death : she does practicly nothing except getting stabbed in the right hand . everything she did best ( the replacement killers , mighty aphrodite ... ) were like they never existed . olivier martinez ... hello , anybody here ? when the producers will learn that he 's not an actor but a mannequin with no ability of speech nor feelings ? feodor atkine , bland and transparent . only do we pay great respect to alida valli , one of the greatest actress this last century ( and i hope for some more roles in this current one ) . she 's tha main attraction here as she 's the only one to give life to her poor lines . i wo n't mention the other actors as they 're only one-sided characters , uninteresting and shallow . incoherent direction , inconsistent actors , implausible plot . idiocy incarnated . superwonderscope says : 1
one previous reviewer called this film `` pure visual joy '' i am wondering if s/he saw the same film that i did . `` high art '' had to have the most relentlessly depressing interiors since `` seven '' . one can almost forgive sheedy and mitchell for the cliché of going to a b & b for their first time . of course , before they do that , one has to watch opium-den parties inhabited by people who are not apparently gainfully employed but can somehow support a flourishing drug habit . not to mention the icy stares from those familiar movie types , the girlfriend/boyfriend at start , who are well aware they 're going to be thrown over sometime in the next 100 minutes or so . the movie also states that the sheedy character has retired from professional photography for ten years now . what did she do , retire at age twenty ?
special effects ? good . script ? terrible . no plot . no depth . no meaning . this film rendered superman as a meaningless hero , a hero with no archetype . in the original film , he represented america in the cold war . here , he represented nothing but a hulk . sure , the actors were fine . kevin spacey was a fine choice , among others . this still does not resolve the problem that this film had no depth whatsoever . i can not see how anyone can come away with anything meaningful from this film , when superman was , and is , daily created to be a meaningful hero in not only comics but also in people 's minds . this was a real waste of money considering how many directions this film could have taken . just a few instances : lex luthor could have been a villain of global corporatism , political domination , totalitarianism , and on and on and on . he was just another goofball hackman incarnation . and superman ? for what did he stand in this film ? nothing but another hack `` savior '' figure . wait until it comes to the dollar theater if you see it at all .
intergalactic criminal kol ( ross hagen ) has been sentenced to death and awaits execution on a spaceship designed for just such a purpose . but tonight there 's going to be a jailbreak , and kol flees on a conveniently-placed escape pod and flies towards earth ( which apparently is nearby ) . there he confronts a group of `` teenagers '' ( who look thirty ) and a game warden ( john phillip law ) , who help protect him from his worst nightmare ... the bounty hunter and executioner android ( or more properly `` gynoid '' ) the alienator . from the cover of the box , i was confident this was going to be an awful movie . but , as awful as it turned out to be , it was a ton of fun as well ( probably at least partially because i was watching it with someone who happens to be intensely awesome ) . the director ( fred olen ray ) , who has specialized in making over one hundred low-grade films ( most notably `` hollywood chainsaw hookers '' ) , does what he does best and throws together a plot that only half makes sense and gives us rudimentary special effects . bonus : p.j . soles appears ( as `` tara '' ) , obviously at a low point in her career . sure , there 's plot holes . why are there hillbilly rednecks in california ( allegedly los angeles county if i understood the warden correctly ) . what 's up with the space woman 's tacky blouse ? why is there a subplot about the ship captain forcefully trying to win her heart when this story goes nowhere ? what the heck is `` quadrant 5 '' ? how does chicken wire create an electromagnetic field that will short-circuit an android , yet land mines do virtually nothing ? why does kol look like a drunk , native american football player with emphysema ? and the lund guy ( robert clarke ) ... does his character even have a point ? does the game he plays with the captain have a point ? does this movie have a point ? but the biggest mystery is the android ( or gynoid ) the alienator , played by teagan clive . what is an `` alienator '' ? why does it look like daryl hannah from `` blade runner '' , only much larger ? because , see , if something is a cyborg , it 's part human . but if it 's an android , it 's all machine . this was an android , so there was no reason to make it look human . it could have looked like anything . yet , the person who designed her made her the size of a linebacker , with david bowie 's hair and a leotard that shows me just a little too much . if you 're going to make a female android , would n't the purpose be to have her be seductive and lure enemies in ? mission not accomplished . they say beauty comes in all shapes and sizes , but i think i found a huge exception . if `` mystery science theater 3000 '' were still around today , this film would be on a very short list of movies that need to get harangued . beyond the butt-nasty alienator ( sorry , teagan , female weight lifters are gross ) the film is alright . maybe there 's not much of a story and maybe the characters are n't really very interesting . and maybe the scene with the deer is incredibly adorable for no particular reason -- what use does a killer robot have with a deer ? but overall , i actually liked the movie . i wo n't be pimping it out to my friends or running out to my local video store to pick up the latest dvd copy ( which i 'm sure is just packed with amazing special features -- not ) . but i consider seeing this movie time well spent and look forward to similar adventures in the future .
while it 's early to say how the series will evolve , i can say that the pilot was less than i thought it would be . there is still potential for the series , however . of course when i first saw voyager i thought it had potential , too - but was sorely disappointed . my gut tells me enterprise wo n't be as bad as voyager , however . as for the impressions of the pilot ... the pilot had some good ideas and good themes . i liked the introduction . the show 's opening credits were interesting , with the progress of exploration and a fitting theme song . scott bakula is excellent in the role of captain . where it fell short for me was largely that the story lacked the `` feel '' of setting out on a grand adventure . the plot of the episode itself was more a `` generic '' trek story with the themes of `` exploration '' and `` first step towards space '' merely subplot and subtext . were you to edit out the references to this being the first deep space mission , the plot would be hard to differentiate between the eras of enterprise , tos or tng . the central plot did n't reflect or do justice to the grand theme of the series . the plot of launching the first mission would have been grand enough without the `` action '' . instead of isolated references to the newness of exploration , they could have been the story . get a little more nostalgic and philosophical about it ( oh , for a tv show that once again would make us think ) . make us feel the excitement of `` the wind '' and being on `` the sea '' instead of distracting us with a rescue and a plethora of gunplay . there was way too much gunplay . we had the feeling more that humans were the `` freshmen '' in an established school . new kids on the block , as opposed to venturing into a largely unknown universe . sadly , the klingons landed on our doorstep instead of us finding them . that meeting could have been far more historic and far more sociological . just how do two such different societies interact ? do n't just hint about it , show it ! i had to think of it more as ` trek with an akward crew and limited technology ' as opposed to ` the first brave steps into the unknown ' . i wanted to see something newer and fresher . the series promises to have a new concept but so far i have n't seen this new , great concept . i will conclude with reiterating the sentiment that the series has potential . there are some interesting characters . bakula is wonderful . blalock has potential . the overall theme is the most interesting since we first saw kirk in a world before apollo 11 . if only future episodes can do justice to this grand and wonderful theme , we will have a show which will create new legends . you shoot an arrow into the air ... good luck capt . archer . to the producers : take more risks and make us * think * ! : - )
wow , here it finally is ; the action `` movie '' without action . in a real low-budget setting ( do n't miss the hilarious flying saucers flying by a few times ) of a future seattle we find a no-brain hardbody seeking to avenge her childhood . there is nothing even remotely original or interesting about the plot and the actors ' performance is only rivalled in stupidity by the attempts to steal from other movies , mainly `` matrix '' without having the money to do it right . yes , we do get to see some running on walls and slow motion shoot-outs ( 45 secs approx . ) but these scenes are about as cool as the stupid hardbody 's attempts at making jokes about male incompetence now and then . and , yes , we are also served a number of leads that lead absolutely nowhere , as if the script was thought-out by the previously unseen cast while shooting the scenes . believe me , it is as bad as it possibly can get . in fact , it does n't deserve to be taken seriously , but perhaps i can make some of you not rent it and save your money .
it 's a good movie if you plan to watch lots of landscapes and animals , like an animal documentary . and making pierce brosnan an indian make you wonder 'does all those people do n't recognize if someone is n't indian at plain sight ? '
welcome to movie 17 on the chilling classics 50 pack . where we 'll see , that 's right . another movie that makes absolutely no sense . seriously , this movie had me so confused at the end , i thought i was rewatching `` at dawn they sleep . '' the plot seems simple enough .... well that is until 3 seconds into the movie where a girl supposedly killed a cat and then ... um .. explodes ? i have no idea what happened . and that was before the title screen . that 's really sad when i ca n't even tell what happened in the first 3 minutes . anyway it stars a photographer with a big mustache who finds this girl after dumping his other girlfriend on the way to take pictures of something somewhere . so we get there but not before somebody steals their jeep to drive it 200 feet out of the way towards a town . suspicious ? nah . so they decide to stay at this deserted village with one old lady . and then blah blah stuff happens and blah blah talking . the guy with the mustache goes out in the fog for some reason even though the old lady tells him not to . he gets lost and then finds his way back . oh , i forgot to mention this is all after an incredibly pointless 20 minutes of them staying in the house of a guy who looks like that buggy eyed guy from casablanca . then they leave . there 's really no point to this scene . it 's really just padding . if you cut it out no one would have noticed or cared . but sadly , that was actually the best part of the movie . wait . let me rephrase that . really sadly that was the best part of the movie . because the rest is so confusing that i had to look on imdb to find out what happened . but of course no one else knows so i 'm sol . seriously , the last 30 minutes of the movie were some of the most mindscrewing moments i 've ever seen on film . they dressed her up in a dress , he gets kidnapped , then released , he runs back to the house , then at the end the witches are in the house and it ends ? seriously . i have hardly ever been so confused in a movie . i mean , as bad as movies such as `` war of the robots '' are , at least they make sense . this movie does n't even make the attempt to be coherent . the ending was as confusing as the end of `` at dawn they sleep '' and the plot was much more boring . this movie gets a 1 just for its sheer `` i have no idea what happened in this movie '' ness . `` witches mountain '' gets 1 confused movie watcher out of 10 .
jennifer jason leigh and mare winningham are a good match portraying vastly different siblings , but only winningham is able to bring something convincing or substantial to her role . leigh , playing bar-band singer and alcoholic sadie flood , constantly leans on older sis georgia , an acclaimed folk singer in the joni mitchell mold . perhaps due to her double duties as co-producer on the film , leigh seems to have boxed herself into a corner : she is n't credible as a singer and , even if this is intentional , gives herself far too much screen-time at the microphone . probably hoping for a tour-de-force , leigh is wire-drawn and nervous and jagged ; however , we simply do not see any talent within this character ( leigh is obviously a solid actress , but she makes decisions here that wall us off from her ) . if sadie had even the slightest bit of charisma or appeal , we might be able to buy into the concept that she gets the ( small ) breaks that she does . as it is , the likelihood of her ever getting up on stage is slim . director ulu grosbard crafts a few intense dramatic sequences , and the editing at the finale juxtaposes sadie 's bar performance with georgia 's sold-out arena show -- both singing the same song -- and it 's a sadly nuanced moment ... but really , what 's the point ? * 1/2 from * * * *
except for the brady variety hour , this was some of the hokiest television i 've seen in a while . the video production qualities were n't too bad , but the overall look and feel were unmistakeably early 80 's . and marie osmond looks like she did battle with the avon lady .. and lost big time . way too much eyeliner . it was kind of embarrassing to watch veterans danny kaye and eric severeid take part in this . even more interesting was watching alex haley talk about the african pavillion in world showcase that would be opening 'in about a year . ' as of this writing it is 17 years later and it has n't opened yet ( unless you count disney 's animal kingdom . ) all in all though , for all the shortcomings , this still an interesting visual piece of disney history .
this is the biggest load of crap that i have seen in a long time . the last time i hated a movie so much was whilst watching `` 28 days later '' and `` magnolia '' . there is absolutely no point to this movie , except to see some really sick and twisted sex/rape scenes , gillian anderson relieving herself on the side of the road , and every single sentence of dialog having to use the `` f '' word at least a couple of times in it . it has extremely cheap acting and is very low budget . my friend and i eventually turned off the movie after about half an hour . we had tried to give it a chance , but nothing could save this crud . do not watch it ! ! !
i went into this with my hopes up , by twenty minutes into the movie i could n't have been more let down . despite thinking that this would be another horribly bad remake , i kept my hopes high that maybe ... just maybe someone would get it right this time around . sadly , prom night is about on the same quality level as the recent april fools day remake , bad script , bad direction , cheesy overdone acting and generally bad horror . from beginning to end it 's boring , repetitive and worthy of about a dozen eye rolls . we 've seen it all before and we 've seen it done a million times better then this . if you go to see prom night in the theater ( i 'd say wait for the dvd or ppv ) , get ready for the audience to laugh , because laugh they will . the laughs are n't at points in the movie that are supposed to be funny , they are in response to key `` thrilling '' moments in the film that are so poorly done you feel as if your watching the newest installment of scary movie . seriously , was this supposed to be a remake or a spoof ? the film makers missed the mark so badly here , that a large number of the audience in the theater i attended walked out about halfway through the movie . which in retrospect , i wish i had done . not me though , i had to torture myself and stick with it hoping it would get better . needless to say it did n't . the `` horror '' scenes are a joke , not even so much because of the acting but because of the direction , the script , the `` special effects '' and the camera work . the movie manages to look as if they spent a fortune to produce it , but still came out of it with a micro budget movie . i halfway expected to see dollar store tags on some of the props and kept thinking i would spot a porn star in the cast somewhere . this movies scary alright , if this is the future of big budget horror then the horror genre is doomed .
i have n't been able to decide if this movie is so bad it 's good , or , to quote enid coleslaw , `` so bad it 's gone past good and back to bad again . '' no matter , it forced me look much the same way a pile of weird coloured vomit might , and it offers up a number of scenes that you wo n't forget even if you want to . there 's a sneering young ray liotta telling a pigtailed pia that her creative writing trophy looks like a penis . a bit later , there 's ray again , molesting pia , not with the appropriately shaped trophy but a garden hose . there 's a firm chinned pia telling her domineering mom that she wants to go to bed with ray 's geezer father , walter . there 's the actress in the graveyard scene yowling the best line ever written by pia or anyone else : `` wwwwhhhyyyyyyy ! '' there 's that garden hose again , as walter waves it pia 's face and roars `` is this more to your liking ! ? '' there 's pia and her date so turned on by closeups of each other masticating salad that they start tearing each other 's clothes off . there 's pia showering but forgetting to remove her dress . perhaps best of all , there 's pia 's typewriter , but instead of keys there are the miniature talking heads of those who have tormented her the most ( afterwards , i was afraid to open my laptop ) . and finally there 's pia at `` the awards '' exposing hollywood for the cesspool it is , spitting out the second best line ever , `` i guess i 'm not the only one who has ever had to * * * * her way to the top . '' i see i have already spent more time commenting on `` the lonely lady '' than i have on far better pictures , so i 'll quit . be forewarned , though , that once you start watching you probably wo n't be able to take your eyes off the screen until two hours of your life have vanished forever .
an interesting idea for a film , both showing the last dragon on earth and showing the struggle he and someone evil have together . when he was younger , einon got stabbed in the heart , so bowen ( dennis quaid ) took him to the dark lord who gave him half his heart . now grown up einon ( david thewlis ) is now the selfish and evil king . meanwhile , bowen is using a new friend draco the dragon ( voiced by sir sean connery ) to get rewards for `` killing '' dragons . but because einon has half of draco 's hear , they both feel the pain in one of them is hurt , or killed . also starring pete postlethwaite as gilbert of glockenspur , jason isaacs as lord felton , julie christie as queen aislinn and john gielgud as king arthur . it was nominated for the oscar for best visual effects . worth watching !
perhaps the worst thing about carlos mencia 's comedy is that every joke needs to be followed with an insult at the people in the crowd that are n't laughing . if there 's anybody who 's insecure , it 's a comedian who wo n't shut up about his audience . then again , perhaps the worst thing about carlos mencia 's comedy is that he does n't get off his free speech high horse . if you want to be funny , just make a joke , do n't explain all the reasons why you 're saving the american way with your failed attempts at generating laughter . hmm ... actually ... the worst thing about carlos mencia 's comedy is that it substitues meanspirited jabs at ethnicities for legitimate humor . avoid this like the plague .
this film comes as the ultimate disappointment in tsai ming-liang for me . it oozes laziness from its every frame . so i 'm not going to analyse it thoroughly either . but some observations : 1 . if the premise is drought , why we get to see city landscapes with blooming green trees ? i wonder if that was supposed to mean something in the metaphorical context of the film ( in which thirst notifies the craving for intimacy , and watermelon the trivial substitute , sex ) . or it is only a matter of lousy film-making , not giving a damn about being coherent . 2 . we do n't get to know what had happened to the porn actress , why she is unconscious or , presumably , dead . it seems a question of no importance as long as the message of supreme alienation is successfully ( =bombastically ) delivered , but in retrospect , her inert body proves to be a cheap dramaturgical gimmick , a pretext – just as gratuitous and exploitative as the activity it is employed in . 3 . nothing is expressed in this movie that antonioni had n't expressed better 40 years ago – and without needlessly humiliating his actors . 4 . the musical numbers ( recycled from 'the hole ' ) felt like a secondary-schooler 's idea of artistic counterpointing , executed on that very secondary-school level of skill . if that was the point , the point sucked .
i purchased this film on the cheap in a sale , having read the back of the dvd case and assuming that either way i ca n't lose , it if was rubbish then no loss , if it was any good then bargain ... then i watched it ... i am normally a fan of christopher walken , but in this film he commanded very little screen presence , seeming not to do a whole lot , even the death of his friend near the beginning which sparks off the `` action '' in the plot seems to affect him very little , and his eventual revenge is just boring and undramatic . normally a film which has themes as grand as revolution and revenge are able to capture the audience and snare them into feeling something for the characters , however watching this film felt more like seeing a series of confused , and almost random events that loosely tied together towards it 's eventual conclusion ... at this point i wept ... i thought this film was the most horribly painful piece of viewing i have ever been subjected to , the scene where the pilot sacrifices himself by refusing to jump out the explosive laden truck due to not wanting to kill any civilians is not so much tragically sad as it is unnervingly horrible and painful , although not quite as bad as the emergency surgery on the wounded girl . the acting was poor all round , the script and story was weak , the `` action '' was even weaker , and the `` visuals '' were but bluntly not all that visual . to summarise there are films which are good , films that are bad , films that are so bad they are good , films that are terrible ... and then on a whole new level is `` mcbain ''
it looks to me as if the creators of `` the class of nuke 'em high '' wanted it to become a `` cult '' film , but it ends up as any old high school b-movie , only tackier . the satire feels totally overshadowed by the extremely steretyped characters . it 's very un-funny , even for a turkey .
i rarely write a negative review for this site , but this time felt complied to . night listener is without doubt one of the dullest films i have ever seen . there was nothing happening in this film what so ever - i did n't care for any of the characters , did n't buy in to the whole mystery type plot , did n't care how it ended .... nothing . there is no comedy , no action , no thrills , no suspense , nothing . the highlights include ( no spoilers - there 's nothing to spoil ) : a man climbing through a window , a dog barking outside a hotel room , a car going over some rough ground and a truck beeping it 's horn . i really enjoyed `` one hour photo '' and hoped for a similar eerie role from williams , but alas was sorely let down . what 's more disappointing is that i 'm sure there is a good film in there somewhere - the idea was interesting and i should have felt sympathy for the characters , but it just did n't work for me . i might even have given it 1/10 but that score is reserved for the remake of the producers
ok , do n't let my summary fool you . this movie sucks hard . but the worst movie ever ? this movie was terrible in ways people should n't have to rack their brains to describe . but it is in no way worse than manos : the hands of fate , hobgobblins , horrors of spider island , or a small handful of movies . as a review the movie sucks , it 's terrible . do n't see it with out mst or you may develop health problems . but there are worse movies .
all i can say is , before watching the movie i did not have a hint indication who annemarie schwarzenbach was or what was her life story .. and i have to confess that the movie was hardly a help to reach these data .. and even it was not successful to persuade me to do some research by typing few words on google website ; however , all i can say is that the actress jeanette hain was great with her mute facial expression she really played well and showed a deep depression mental status , as it is in real . after all , based on the script the movie has happened in turkey and tehran as well as afghanistan .. but believe me i am familiar with the area , it was all about an arabic desert in morocco .. turkish people and persian people are completely different in face and culture as well as in language which is not arabic .. i suppose for making a film like this- documentary type- a thorough research about all these minor elements is mandatory ..
i 'm a fan of both shakespeare and mst3k , so i waited anxiously to see this episode . i 'll comment on the movie first , then the mst3k episode . the recipe for this movie : take talented actors , rich and beautiful shakespeare material , and a $ 1.25 budget . mix well , then drain of all life and movement , until dull and lifeless . serve cold in a big , plain stone cauldron . movie , i give 3 out of 10 , because the actors at least deserve a little bit of credit . okay , now the mst3k episode . i 'll admit it , the first time i saw it , i fell asleep halfway through . i understand that was the reaction of several other veiwers as well . however , when i watched it a second time , i realized that there was a whole host of intelligent references and good lines i missed the first time around . the trick with this episode is : listen carefully ! it takes a couple of viewings to catch each line . give it a second chance , and you 'll see what i mean . mst3k episode : 7 1/2 out of 10 .
journey to the center of the earth is the story of some tourists of hawaii , three of them siblings , and one of them a young british nanny babysitting a dog . when the siblings accidentally drive off in their jeep with the basket of dog biscuits , the nanny follows them ( it might 've just been safer to purchase more ) all the way to the cave the siblings intended to explore ( i guess ) . for some reason , they actually go in the cave and then , when the place starts caving in , they try to get out to no avail , except for the six-year-old sister who they tell to go get help . meanwhile , the more they move around in the cave , the more they continue to plummet further and further towards the earths cavernous core . and behold , it is here where they find the city of atlantis and its bizarre alien habitants who are living under the oppressive rule of one alien that does n't want them asking to many questions about the worlds external to their own . i see that rusty lemorande , the named director of the film has provided comments on this film , in which he explains that part of latter half of this film is actually the sequel to alien in l.a. well , whatever it was , it was an amazingly cheap movie that i would rank only slightly higher than city limits ( a 1988 sci-fi film also made on a non-existent budget ) because at the least ending of this dreadful piece of mostly incoherent film-making that cuts corners where it can aims for some humor and amusement in the last 20 minutes when we finally see what life is like in the alien world at the center of the earth . i also give it a two star rating rather than one because it was at times , funny , even if only in its subtleties . for example , the aliens asks the british girl if she 's an alien and she explains that the ministry should be sending her work visa shortly . or when the alien girl finds bryan and explains that he is in the city of altantis and he mistakes this for atlantic city , new jersey . little things like that make the idiocy of the first hour or so tolerable . imagine how great the film could 've been though if they had 1 ) actually intended to make it , and 2 ) actually had money to make it . i do like how in the end , no one wonders what happened to the little sister who was sent away in the beginning to get help . she 'd just be wandering around the hawaiian caves and not too far from the erupting volcano , mind you .
this movie may seem scary on commercials , but the actual movie was a reason to vomit . this is a below below average , ( even lower than that ) and has no plot . i mean every house can make you feel scared and sure , a dead japanese woman would scare the poop out of you , but so what ? make a movie that would appeal to watchers and not just show images of scared people and some hair ( dead japanese woman ) . can you say `` horrible rip-off of samara ( the ring ) '' ? do n't get me started with the `` dead child '' . not even that scary ! so what ? he has a cat and he can imitate it , big freaking deal ! just bury the poor zombies and save some lives that have the potential of being harmed by the grudge ! 1/10 ! yuck ! > . <
i have been a huge lynn peterson fan ever since her breakthrough role in the 1988 blockbuster movie `` far north '' , and even though i loved her in her one other film `` slow '' ( 2004 ) where she plays `` francis '' , this is by far and away her strongest role . lynn , as i 'm sure you all know ( or should ) , plays the critical role of `` driver '' . unfortunately , other than lynn 's amazing performance , i 'm afraid this movie does n't really have much going for it . oh wait - there was one other thing - the amazing creativity of the editing to remove profanity for tv viewers . memorable lines like : `` you son-of-a-gun ! `` , `` you son-of-a-witch ! `` , `` shoot ! `` , and `` well , forget you ! '' o.k . bye . p.s . : does anyone know where i can get another lynn peterson poster ?
some moron who read or saw some reference to angels coming to earth , decided to disregard what he 'd heard about the offspring of humans and angels being larger than normal humans . reinventing them as mythical giants that were 40 feet tall , is beyond ridiculous . there was some historical references to housing and furniture in parts of the world , that were much larger than would be needed for standard humans . these were supposedly built on a scale that would lend itself to a 10 to 14 foot human , somewhat supporting the `` david and goliath '' tale from the bible . there is no mention in any historical references to buildings or artifacts that would support the idea of a 40 foot tall being . if i was rating this movie on my own scale , it would have been a negative value instead of a one ...
okay this is stupid , they say their not making another nightmare film , that this is the `` last '' one ... and what do they do ? they go on making another one , not that the next one ( part7 ) was bad , but why do they play us . anyway this movie made no sense what-so ever , it was extremelly dull , the characters were highly one dimensional , freddy was another joker , which is very stupid for such a good series.the plot is very , very bad , and this is even worse than part 2 and 5 . i didnt get the movie , its a stupid tale in 3-d , pointless ! id say . i hated this film so much i still rmember all the parts i didnt like which was basically the whole film.this is so different than the prequels , it tries , and tries , but this one tried the hardest , and got slapped back on the face.again there were hadly any death scenes , although they were different , they sucked bigtime . how can they have gone this far ? didnt they see they made the biggest mistakes at parts 2 and 5 ? yet they make this ? its all bout the money , do not see this sad excuse for a nightmare series . i gave a nightmare on elm street six ( 6 ) 3 out of 10 . good points of movie : had potential with plot . bad points of film : terrible acting/lack of deaths/too funny to be classified as horror/very confusing .
remade today , this film would be a very creepy , very disturbing dark comedy . stalking , obsession , and a web of lies and manipulations are given a 1948 gloss of aren't-they-cute harmlessness . drake plays the stalker , an unabashed user of people , alternately pathetic and manipulative , grant plays the stalking victim , alternately angry and oblivious . vastly disturbing ; i have n't been able to look at classic romances with the same suspension of disbelief since .
i have seen over 1000 movies and this one stands out as one of the worst movies that i have ever seen . it is a shame that they had to associate this garbage to the angels 1963 song `` my boyfriend 's back . '' if you have to make a choice between watching this movie and painful dental work , i would suggest the dental work .
very dull , obvious , tedious exorcist rip-off featuring a doberman with red eyes - that 's the extent of the special effects in this made-for-tv cheapie . richard crenna is about as animate as a chew toy . very 70 's dress & music only add to the torture . should put you to sleep almost as fast as `` the corpse vanishes '' , or `` the blue hand '' . practically worthless . moocow says eaghhh what a stinky dog ! : =8p
cool idea ... botched writing , botched directing , botched editing , botched acting . sorta makes me wish i could play god and strike everyone involved in making this film with several bolts of lightning .
sorry fulci fans , but i could not get through this one . the soundtrack was about as annoying as they come , the acting was puerile , the story has been done and done , and the direction was non-existent . massacre honestly looked like a children 's film project . but i 've seen some of those , and they actually look better than this did ! it appears to have been so underfunded they could n't afford ... anything ! not a dop , not a director , no one who even remotely had a clue what acting was . it was a very poor cinematic experience ; one of my worst . this was about the worst suck-fest i 've seen , next to terror toons which is second only to killer klowns from outer space . i 've nothing else to say about it . it rates a 0.1/10 from ... the fiend : .
no , this was n't one of the ten worst films of the 1980 's , but it certainly skirts the bottom 100 somewhere . this movie looks like it was put on the shelf for two or three years and then released in 1981 . how else would you explain special effects pre-dating `` an american werewolf in london , '' disco still being considered cool , and ronald reagan not being the 40th president of the united states ? while we 're at it , let 's not overlook those 1970 's hairstyles in the 1950 's and '60 's . i 've seen more of that here than in `` happy days '' & `` laverne & shirley '' combined . the one woman who elevates this movie to the `` so bad , it 's good '' category was the late , great elizabeth hartman , but just barely . biff plays as miss montgomery , the mousey high school teacher who becomes a sexpot , a stereotype that 's been done to death and is still being churned out by hollywood today , but even as a `` hot chick '' she retains her mousey qualities . her call for help is evidence of this . she also looks much better as miss wimp . `` seven bucks at the beauty parlor , shot to hell . '' she was n't kidding . this is n't to say that there are n't any good parts elsewhere , they 're just few and far between , and i 'm not just saying that because i like hartman . incidentally , `` teen wolf '' was better than this . `` teen wolf too '' was better than this , and that was n't even so good .
i occasionally see some of this show because my wife watches it sometimes . i try to enjoy it for it 's basic idea which is helping a needy family , but several factors get in the way for me . every episode follows the same format where many parts seem totally scripted ( which they are ) and tears flow seemingly on cue . the attempt to manipulate the viewer with a mixture of emotional breakdowns and sad music is a real turn off for me . the fact that everyone who donates something to the house , be it sears or whoever , has to plug themselves for being generous is also annoying . probably the biggest problem i have with it all is that what must be huge amounts of money and a small army of workers are combined to build an amazingly over the top home for a single family . now i know that this amount of money is nothing but a drop in the bucket for disney/abc but how much more could be done for more people with the amount they are putting on one house ? instead of focusing on one family and getting them all to cry during the episode why not help 10 families and show highlights ? is n't life difficult enough for the average person ? why do i need help finding things to feel sad about , why not show something truly inspiring without being manipulative ? i know what is being done for these families is good , but they are also being used for ratings . you ca n't tell me they are n't being coached sometimes on the crying . i guess when i see these people moving into a home that most hard working people in the u.s. could not afford for their children it really bothers me . i ca n't help but think of what could really be done with a small portion of disney 's money . instead of giving each member of the family a flat screen tv and or personal shower that tells you the water temperature and shoots out of the ceiling why not help more people afford food , clothes , education and medical insurance ? i know so we can be entertained and have a good cry . in terms of money , i feel the same about oprah . i do n't think anyone can actually conceive the amount of money she possesses . yes her recent reality show did good things , but when she gave $ 30,000 to each losing `` contestant '' i 'm sitting here thinking ... that 's a years salary for many , many people ... if they 're lucky . do n't get me started on game shows . so i realize that extreme makeover home edition is `` doing good '' , but forgive me if i see it as more self serving than giving of itself . is there anyone out there that feels similar ?
ursula andress ' naked body is one of those things that make you believe in god . the other two women ( especially the one who plays the maid ) have great bodies as well . then why is the higher grade that i can give to a film with such quality and quantity of nudity only 3 out of 10 ? because , to get to ursula 's unbelievable body , we have to sit through a movie that is otherwise unfunny and boring ( keep in mind that i watched the full 101-minute version , not the 78-minute american one which probably cuts out a lot of the extraneous material ) . in typical italian-comedy tradition , most of the characters are exaggerated caricatures ( the army freak , the `` latin lover '' , the constant drunk , the naive maid ) that are not funny , simply overacted . final word : watch this , but keep your finger on the fast-forward button , you 're gon na need it . ( * )
spoilers ahead this is one of the worst movies ever made - it 's that simple . there is not one redeeming quality about this movie . the first 10 minutes are quite tricky - they actually lead you to believe that this film will be shocking and will have you on the edge of your seat . instead , you will spend 83 minutes punching yourself while watching stolen and poorly made scenes run without any organization . the lake was ridiculous , looked like an aquarium , and had the same plant in different parts of the lake bed . characters show their advanced teleportation powers , for example alex thomas who falls into the lake ( drunk ) , and then ends up on his boat in an impossible position . angie harmon put up a pitiful performance as kate , made worse by the space-time continuum rupturing dialog that appears to have been written at the last minute by a fifth grader . an example of this would be when she said , `` flashlight ! '' in such a stupid manner that it shows the threshold of how much a human body can cringe before it snaps in half . finally , the editing of this movie was by far the most bizarre and horrific that i have ever seen . it was like the cameramen were a bunch of chimps who had been given camcorders by scientists . an example of this would be when we suddenly get a closeup of the headlight on alex 's car . i would bet that there was little to no time spent editing this movie . the ending was absolutely pathetic . the writers were obviously trying to create some sort of mysterious plot line that made the viewer say , `` oh yeah ! '' instead , we 're left to view some dumb painting of a spider that somehow fits into the story line . unfortunately , there is not one perspective in the millions out there that could save this movie from being a festering piece of crap . i give this a .5 out of 10 , the .5 being from the fact that this movie was recorded on film instead of becoming a picture book .
what the hell was all that about ? i saw the matrix and was amazed . it was the most spectacular movie ever made . what ever possesed the wachowski brothers to do this film is beyond me . there is no plot , you ca n't argue with that . basically all this film was was a load of talking , and do n't get me wrong , i have no problem with talky films , but all the talking in the matrix reloaded was a pointless load of drivvle . then there would be a fight sequence which lasted way too long , then more pointless drivvle , then another fight scene that lasts too long and it all builds up to the biggest anti-climax ever . a little bearded bloke talking a load of uncomprehensible bull for 20 minutes . also , keanu reeves gives his worst performance yet . i knew he was n't a good actor but this was beyond a joke . if you watch his films in the order he was in them it would seem he got gradually worse as they went along . god knows what his performance is like in something 's got ta give ! keanu reeves : the only plank of wood ever to become an actor . after the splendor of the first film this came as a massive dissapointment . if you have n't already seen the first film i suggest you watch it , but do n't waste your time with this utter pile of turd .
susan seidelman seems to have had a decent career with a few top notch credits under her belt . i 'm certainly glad she bounced back from this film which seems to have its admirers . i 'm not one of them . i 've seen better acting in high school plays than i did in smithereens . the plot such as it is involved young susan berman who is ambitious to make it in the world of music and is willing to do just about anything to get there . she even rejects the sincere advances of a young artist who is living out of his van off the east river played by brad rijn . young mr. rijn contributes the worst performance in the film , in fact one of the worst acting jobs i 've seen in a long time . no wonder he 's not gone anywhere . i will say that seidelman 's eye for the camera is a good one in capturing the familiar east village locations where the film was mostly shot . but her work with her live performers did n't measure up . i 'm not sure she had that much raw material to work with . look fast and you 'll see a very young christopher noth before law and order and sex in the city as a street hustler . if you like punk rock , you might sit through this for the soundtrack . i 'll stick to bing crosby .
my first attempt at watching this ended in 8 minutes , roughly after the tv report scene , which i could n't handle . it went approximately like this : reporter 1 : hmm , there 's a pyramid in our skies . reporter 2 : i think it 's aliens . * awkward silence * reporter 1 : in other news ... a few days later i watched it to the end , and it was n't as horrible as i 've imagined , but there are serious problems with this . about half of the plot can be easily discarded . and the other half should be expanded to explain the background story or something . what use are the detective , the eugenics people , and the monsters which are disposed of momentarily by horus ? more amusing was the monopoly scene . `` we 're all powerful `` gods '' , who have lived for aeons , and of all the games in the multiverse we happen to play monopoly . '' monopoly ? monopoly ? ! even erich von dainiken looks coherent , compared to that . the other half is terribly lacking . what did our protagonist do to get himself cryo-frozen ? why was there no big event when he was released at the end ? he had those pesky followers , remember ? what happened to normal humans ? what 's the deal with the masked guy ? how did the blue-haired girl appear ? what 's with her eyesight ? etcetera , etcetera . visually it 's ok , more or less , if you disregard the egyptian gods looking like walking turds with rotweiller heads .
i rarely comment on films but i 've read the other comments and i can not believe that there are people applauding this celluloid rubbish . i know there are certain people who have their own agenda but lets take it on merit ; poorly acted , badly shot and the story felt as the director was making it up as he was going along . i am not going to focus on the sexual aspect of the film involving little kids as the makers of the film obviously knew what they wanted and what their audience would want . all i can say is it is a terrible film , the content is poor and offensive , the production is amateurish and i am glad they could not make a film like this legally today
this show had a lot of hype but i did n't know about it until the midseason ( season 1 ) . someone even recommended the show to me . but i decided that if i was going to watch it , i was going to wait until the end of the season so i could watch it in bulk . due to the show 's format , i 'm happy i waited . i imagine it would have been fairly annoying have nearly every episode end in the middle of some cliff hanger then have to wait another week to find out what happens in the next second of the story . somehow , this show has managed to throw in too much sex . jason will have sex with pretty much anything that moves . right after he finds out that one woman he had sex with was killed , he 's in bed with another woman the next night ! then tara and sam get it on , despite each of them knowing that sam is in love with sookie . and for some reason , sookie gets mad when she later finds out about it -- even though she 's sleeping with a vampire . one of the problems with the show , is that it does n't do a good job of making you care about the characters . i really did n't care for jason at all . along with his endless pursuit of tale , he was rude to the people who actually were concerned for him . after a few episodes , i would n't have minded if he got killed somehow . for that reason , i was for the most part uninterested in the murders until sookie 's grandmother became a victim ( since the first two were more closely involved with jason ) . then once sookie and bill have sex , the story gets a few more subplots . tara 's mother wants an exorcism , then the exorcist lady tries to convince tara that she should have one to remove her own demon . i was n't so much bothered by the whole exorcism thing as i know there are some people who really believe in that stuff . however , they waste little time in showing that is it a farce right after tara spends about $ 1300 on exorcisms for her and her mother . at other points , some of the developments happen too fast . jason continues being a jerk , trying to sell his grandmother 's stuff to buy vampire blood , which apparently is the new crack or something . in his search he finds this girl who will do v ( vampire blood ) with him . they get high , and within three days fall in love with each other and kidnap a vampire for a constant source of v. another example is when bill has to go to a vampire tribunal . he 's only gone for two days before sookie starts to feel abandoned and start to wonder if he thinks `` vampire politics '' are more important than her . subtlety is not this show 's strong suit . it does n't take a genius to figure out something is going on with the local dog . although my assumption was n't dead on , it was n't that much of a surprise . but the finale two episodes was where it really got annoying as it just shoved all the developments in your face as if you could n't possibly figure the out for yourself . when tara gets into the car accident , the naked lady 's face with the pig is clearly shown , and was easily recognizable when she shows up at the jail for the bailout . as if that was n't enough , they later show the lady again with the pig at her house . then it 's time to wrap up the murder story . at the end of the penultimate episode , it 's revealed that renee is not who he says he is and most likely is the killer . in the final episode , they shove renee being the killer in your face . sookie remarks that it 's odd that renee 's thoughts do n't have an accent . i thought that was fine , as it adds to renee being a fraud . but the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against renee . they show that renee has the tape of maudette with the vampire and his fiancée finds a tape in one of renee 's boxes about how to fake a cajun accent . at this point it was just ridiculous . i mean we get it ! ! ! so blah blah blah stuff happens . bill almost kills himself while failing to save sookie , who still manages to kill renee . they start to set up season 2 by leaving unfinished issues . the naked pig lady and sam have a history , lafayette has gone missing and might have been killed . jason is in the process of being brainwashed into being a religious nut by some anti-vampire church -- which makes me care about him even less . it 's almost surprising to see how many people absolutely love this show . i think i just expected this show to be better . i 'm interested in seeing what happens in season 2 , but if i watch it , i 'll most likely wait for the season completion .
to call this anything at all would be an insult to everything else . some expletives might describe it , but still too positively . normally one ignores this kind of rubbish , but it was so stupid that one can but despair . would have though that even americans and commercial tv-stations would have given this piece of s * * t a miss . but as the germans say : gegen die dummheit kaempfen die goetter selbst vergebens !
although nothing can compare to vampires vs. zombies ... in any realm of film making i will attempt to judge this movie . firstly , the special effects were breath-taking . when there was an explosion on the television screen i thought my entire house was going to explode , and when automatic machine guns were fired i thought the shells were landing on the floor right next to me . simply stunning my friends . but the scene when the jack black sound-a-like is giving the worst monologue i have ever heard i nearly killed myself , but do n't worry since he was getting blazed in the movie he can pass his awful acting off on `` i must be high '' . seriously , he must have watched himself mindlessly babbling about non-congruent thoughts that make absolutely no sense and just added that he must be `` high '' to justify his awful acting . well if you can say that to excuse terrible acting then if you talked to the writers , directors , executive producers , sponsors you will probably get the same response ... seriously . with a production team called `` shock-o-rama '' i was shocked i did n't place a sawed-off shotgun in my mouth and ended my life after this shockingly terrible excuse for a movie was played . if you want to see this movie , then you should be murdered yours truly , the general
the brain ( or head ) that would n't die is one of the more thoughtful low budget exploitation films of the early 1960s . it is very difficult to imagine how a script this repulsively sexist could have been written without the intention of self-parody . and the themes that are expressed repeatedly by the female lead , ginny leith - a detached head kept alive by machines , i-vs and clamps - seem to confirm that the film was meant to simultaneously exploit and critique gender stereotypes . shades of the under-rated boxing helena . the genderisms are plentiful , and about as irritating as an army of angry ants . the dialog is hyperbolic , over-dramatic and unbelievable , and the acting is merely ok ( but not consistent ) . why have i given this film a 4 ? because some thought clearly went into it . i am really not sure what point the film was really trying to make , but it seems clear that it strives for an unusually edgy and raw sort of horror ( without the blood and guts today 's audiences expect ) . another unique and interesting aspect of the brain is that there really are not any heroes in this film , and none of the characters are particularly likable . all considered , this is a fairly painful and disturbing look at early 1960s american pop sexuality , from the viewpoint of a woman kept alive despite her missing body after what should have been a fatal car crash . her lover is threatening to sew a fresh , high quality , body onto her and force her to continue living with him . she is understandably non-plussed by all of this and forced to befriend a creature who is almost as monstrous as her boyfriend . oh , there are also some vague references to the 1950s/60s cliché about the evils of science run amok . recommended for b sci fi buffs and graduate students in gender studies . o/w not recommended .
i was gifted with this movie as it had such a great premise , the friendship of three women bespoiled by one falling in love with a younger man . intriguing . not ! i hasten to add . these women are all drawn in extreme caricature , not very supportive of one another and conspiring and contriving to bring each other down . anna chancellor and imelda staunton could do no wrong in my book prior to seeing this , but here they are handed a dismal script and told to balance the action between slapstick and screwball , which does n't work too well when the women are all well known professionals in a very small town . and for intelligent women they spend a whole pile of time bemoaning the lack of men/sex/lust in their lives . i felt much more could have been made of it given a decent script and more tension , the lesbian sub-plot went nowhere and those smoking/drinking women ( all 3 in their forties ? ? ? ) were very unrealistic - even in the baby scene - screw the baby , gim me a cigarette ! right . like i said , a shame of a waste . 4 out of 10 .
john huston 's wise blood was a more horrifying misrepresentation of flannery o'connor 's book than i could have imagined . from the utterly terrible acting performances ( and do n't you , `` oh that was done on purpose , you just do n't get it '' me ! ) to the musical score that was more suited to an episode of rockford files , this film was revolting . i viewed it with no ill-will at the outset , and , in fact , expected a pleasant experience . but the misrepresentation of the southern characters , from the ridiculously fraudulent southern drawl to the lilting , comedic way their faith was portrayed , was inexcusable . right down to it 's end , which was completely devoid of any character sentiment , it failed in every place that o'connor 's book shined and resonated . the actors portraying the `` southern '' policemen may as well have been eating smothered hot-dogs from nyc street stands and quoting godfather . the one redeeming acting performance was ned beatty 's lively and dead-on representation of hoover shoates , a religious con-artist who hears moates preaching the church of christ without christ and sees dollar signs and business opportunities . o'connor 's powerful book is most well-known for it 's creepy , religious undercurrent that jibes the seemingly lifeless cadaver of `` faith '' . mr. huston 's film is a shameful mockery of the author 's intentions , as they are understood by me and most of her fans , if i may be so bold as to say so . while i acknowledge that i ca n't know exactly what the author wished to convey , i have enough affection for her and her works to desire to remain a fan . if i viewed wise blood the way mr. huston apparently did , i would have thrown it in the trash . for flannery 's sake , and mine , i forgive you , john huston . the forgetting .... that will take some time .
i watched this movie on the grounds that amber benson rocks and nick stahl is generally pretty cool - i figured that any film featuring two actors i like and respect could n't be all bad . and in that sense , i was right - considering the cringe-making dialogue they were given , both of them perform reasonably well . not well enough to stop the movie from sucking , you understand , but well enough that i was able to make it through the 75-odd minutes of movie ( and that 's the main sign of an awful film : when , at 40 minutes through , you 're already praying for it to be over ) . it 's hard to know where to start with the problems in `` taboo '' . the dialogue , as mentioned , is appalling ; wooden and completely unnatural . january jones ' acting is unbelievably bad , and since she 's the character we spend most of our time following around the house , this is an unforgivable flaw . the plot manages to be so convoluted that it makes no sense while simultaneously being so clichéd as to be completely predictable ( literally , not one of the major 'twists ' in this film would surprise anyone but a toddler ) . a few interesting shots aside , the director tries far too hard with far too little success , awkward tracking shots and jittery camera-work distracting from what little element of story there is . three of this movie 's stars are awarded for the fact that it contains amber benson , and the last is tossed in on the grounds that one of the jokes made me snigger a little bit . i would n't recommend this movie to anyone , ever , under any circumstances . avoid at all costs .
an idiotic dentist finds out that his wife has been unfaithful . so , no new story lines here . however , the authors managed to create a stupid , disgusting film . if you enjoy watching kids vomiting , or seeing a dentist imagining that he is pulling all his wife 's teeth out in a bloody horror-type , go see ( or rent ) the film . if not , move on to something else ( my fair lady , anyone ? )
i was excited to view a cataluña´s film in the berlin´s competition . but after the presentation i was total disappointed and furious . too much blood , too much time , too much themes for nothing . the spanish civil war , like every war , was horrible . the revenge , a very human behavior , not pretty at all , is shown in uncountable films and plays , as well as the relations between homosexuals and the scepticism in spain about catholicism . but what mr villaronga try , is a pseudo tragedy that can belongs to the worst of the film´s history . it is really a pity to see angela molina in this movie . i advise nobody under no circumstances to go to see this film .
pretty disappointing prequel to the first two films , it 's got none of the suspense of the first nor the interest of the second . by concentrating on the guys who 'run ' the cube , it basically takes away any of the sense of tension inside the cube , as we simply do n't care about the characters inside . much of the film is simply boring , and it only becomes truly terrible with the introduction of the glass-eyed superior and the green-eyed crazy marine . after that , though , it just descends into over-the-top unintentional hilarity . the ending is fitting though , tying it back into the first one in an indirect way . the script is terrible , the acting mediocre at best , and the direction unimpressive . a much lesser follow-up .
the acting , other reviews notwithstanding , was remarkably well-done . brad pitt handles the role of an annoying , obnoxious austrian climber quite well . other acting is fine . the story could have been riveting , but somehow , it misses - one never really understands or cares for the characters shown , and so the story , which could have been quite dramatic , fails to draw in this audience . beautiful scenery and cinematography , a remarkably dramatic true story , important events that shaped the world that we live in - but i could not , try as i might , involve myself in this story . as an unabashed brad pitt fan ( i consider him one of the top 5 actors of his generation ) , i expected to * love * this flick - and yet , it left me cold . it could be a failing within myself , but i tend to point toward the creative end of this movie - direction , scriptwriting , production , editing - somehow , they lost me . it 's a shame , because it could have been wonderful . good acting , dramatic story , beautifully shot - it should have been magnificent . it was n't . probably worth watching , just to make your own mind up on it - but do n't expect too much , and perhaps you wo n't be as disappointed as i was . mostly , it bored me .
this movie was the most horrible movie watching experience i have ever had to endure , and what is worse is the fact that i had to watch it , and did n't have the opportunity to stop it because it was for school ! admittedly , the storyline was decent ... but i found the acting terrible ! the exception was marianne jean-baptiste , i thought her performance was wonderful . she was the only highlight , without her , i doubt i would have been able to bear watching the film . every time i hear somebody say `` daarling '' i cringe ! i nearly attacked a customer the other day because they said `` it '' . it made me remember one of the worst one and a half hours of my life ! ( i apologise if this has offended anybody , i am only expressing my opinion )
first of all , i have to say i have worked for blockbuster and have seen quite a few movies to the point its tough for me to find something i have n't seen . taking this into account , i want everyone to know that this movie was by far the worst film ever made , it made me pine for gigli , my boss 's daughter , and any other piece of junk you 've ever seen . belyt must be out of his mind , i 've only found one person who liked it and even they could n't tell me what the movie was about . if you are able to decipher this movie and are able to tell me what it was about you have to either be the writer or a fortune teller because there 's any other way a person could figure this crap out . for the love of g-d stay away !
this movie is the worst i 've seen in the last 5 years . it is surprising how brilliant actors like two main characters in this movie has accepted to act in such worthless peace of trash . the film is rape/beating and revenge genre . couple has gone to party and on the way back they hit a deer and he went out to finish it when a jeep full of bad guys comes . he did n't go to their car , instead he has been kicked and well beaten while she tries to run the car engine which betray her and she has been gang raped.then somehow she is in her fathers house and one of bad guys is her neighbor so she took shotgun and wanted to kill him ... so stupid scenario ! bellow hollywood ! he was against that revenge but `` she is raped '' `` they laugh to her '' so she must kill them all ... but once inside the house she was satisfied by pushing rifle 's top in bad guys anus and went away while he has gone crazy and execute bad guy . personally i think that director run out of money before finishing this because movie ends before they execute anyone else involved in this gang-rape and beating which is not big surprise because sponsor obviously has seen this and wanted to take back his money . lol this movie is not even for people who enjoy watching rape because they wo n't see anything they are looking for ... this director should be banned ... it is for upsetting that this peace of trash has been made by british cinematography which i personally like and that is the reason i 've watched this . do n't do it yourself you have better things to do that watching stupid scenario film ...
carry on matron was released in 1972 and it 's becoming clear that the series has reached a natural end with the best entries like cleo , up the kyber and screaming being from the mid to late 60s in itself matron is by no means bad it 's just that we 've seen it all before with a thin plot ( a bunch of spivs trying to break into a hospital to steal a supply of contraceptive pills which they plan to sell to third world countries ) surrounded by gags of a slightly amusing though unsophisticated nature . i think that 's where the problem lies - the gags are n't all that amusing with the unsophisticated nature starting to show its age . did we need another movie that uses a man dressed up as a woman in order to drive the plot ? perhaps the worst criticism i can make is that i saw carry on matron this afternoon , less that twelve hours ago and i have a problem in trying to remember a very funny line . that 's a serious problem for a comedy
i have been waiting for this movie a long time . especially because juhi chawla is in this , she 's a great actress . this movie contains six stories . it 's a new concept flew over from hollywood . so it 's not a new item . 1 . khamini ( priyanka chopra ) is a dancer . she wants to get famous and makes up a boyfriend to let news reporters be interested in her . but then rahul ( salman khan ) appears and he claims to be her boyfriend . priyanka chopra is still not a good actress . when she yells , i get annoyed . salman khan can not play comic roles . but in his serious parts he is marvelous . 2 . vinay ( anil kapoor ) is married to seema ( juhi chawla ) . he gets in a midlife crisis and gets attracted to a much younger woman , with forgetting what he really has in life ; his wife and kids . anil kapoor en juhi are natural born actors / actresses . they are great . but this story is to thin for them . 3 . shiven ( akshaye khanna ) is going to get married to gia ( ayesha takia ) , but he gets cold feet and blows the wedding off . 4 . ashutosh ( joh abraham ) is married to tehzeeb ( vidya balan ) . she gets an accident and suffers a memory loss . now she does n't know that she loves her husband anymore . 5 . raju ( govinda ) is a cab driver . he meets stephani ( shannon esrechowitz ) who is a white woman who is in love with an indian male but he is about to get married with an indian woman . raju has to bring staphani to that man , but falls in love with her . i never liked govinda 's movies . he is very annoying , not funny . but in this movie i liked him very much , like he has been growing up the last years . 6 . oh yes ! there is sohail khan ! he plays ram dayal who is just married to phoolwati ( isha koppikar ) . he want to get some serious action with her , but every time her family comes in between . sohail khan is not a handsome actor , but he is funny ! i like his movies . now here 's the problem . all these stories are n't interesting . to make one story from six not interesting stories does not make the whole movie interesting ! here and there the stories touch each other , but is not significant for the characters . my conclusion ; priyanka can not act ! loose that woman in the bollywood industry . sohail khan should make more movies , this role for him was too small . salman khan can not act comic roles , but real serious movies . that 's written on his life as an actor . this movie sucks , and is a waste of a cast of good actors and actresses like anil kapoor , juhi chawla , akshaya khanna and john abraham . it 's just like you have the ability to make a movie with amitabh bachchan , and you only let him sing a lullaby .
i thought this movie seemed like a case study in how not to make a movie for the most part . since i am a filmmaker , i give it a 2 for consistency . the problems remain from beginning to end with the plot being extremely predictable using bits and pieces of most , if not all , previous successful war stories . the computer generated graphics were too much like viewing a video game at points and there seemed to be no attempt by the director to add some realistic quality to the story . i was interested in the budget to get an idea of what he had to work with , but did not find that information . it seemed like this project pushed the limits of a low budget movie too far resulting in a production that drags the viewer along with the story without their imagination being engaged . the actors were n't bad , but the plot needs more innovation .
this movie was messed up . a sequel to `` john carpenter 's vampires '' , this did n't add up right . i 'm not sure that i enjoyed this much . it was a little strange . stick to the first `` vampires '' , it 's a good movie . `` vampires : los muetos '' was n't a good attempt of a sequel . 4/10
ll cool j performed much better in this movie that i expected ! he did a fabulous job acting as a `` renegade '' cop within a `` renegade '' department . from the very beginning , he does a great job of building viewer empathy for his character and the predicament he 's in . he acts as a sort of `` gentle giant '' -- a person whose rough exterior can scare anybody , yet whose heart is clearly in the right place from the very start -- and he does an amazing job . he was quite clearly the best character in the movie . this was certainly a performance that will not win morgan freeman any awards . after starring in powerhouse films like the shawshank redemption this film was certainly a step down . his role in edison simply did not allow him to show his true talents as an actor -- and in terms of the conglomeration of characters placed him sadly on a back burner . there are so many ways his character ( moses ashford ) could have taken a more pivotal role . that he did n't was disappointing and a true let-down . i was hoping to see more from him in this film . timberlake ought to have stayed in the music industry . his portrayal of a young journalist was poorly acted and unpersuasive . this movie is a typical action movie that ( at least initially ) bears some resemblance to corrupt police affairs la has experienced in the past . being an action movie , it has its share of shoot-em-up scenes , blood , and guts . these scenes are typically unrealistic and painfully predictable . watching the beginning of the movie there is very little suspense as to what will happen at the end -- think of what you would typically expect in a good-cops/bad-cops conflict -- and it bears little resemblance to a real police shoot-out . what irked me most was the way timberlake 's character behaved during shoot-out scenes . he starts out having guns and not using them . then when he finally gets around to using one he fires it as if he 's been firing a gun his whole life . then he runs out of bullets and does n't have a gun -- and 30 seconds later , without moving or anything -- suddenly has 2 more fully loaded guns and extra ammo ? ! little plot errors like this really ruined the movie for me . if what you are looking for is a blatantly fictional plot in a fantasy world where everything turns out okay , then you 'll probably love this movie . personally , it does n't matter to me what kind of movie it is as long as it is realistic . make me believe that the story is true . this story was so obviously fictional in so many aspects that i came away feeling unsatisfied .
belmondo is a tough cop . he goes after a big-time drug dealer ( played by henry silva , normally a great villain - see `` sharky 's machine '' ; but here he is clearly dubbed , and because of that he lacks his usual charisma ) . he goes to the scuzziest places of paris and marseilles , asks for some names , beats up some people , gets the names , goes to more scuzzy places , asks for more names , beats up more people , etc . the whole movie is punch after punch after punch . it seems that the people who made it had no other ambition than to create the french equivalent of `` dirty harry '' . belmondo , who was 50 here , does perform some good stunts at the beginning ; apart from those , `` le marginal '' is a violent , episodic , trite , shallow and forgettable cop movie . ( * 1/2 )
aka : mondays in the sun i have no idea what i just watched . three men wander aimlessly and drink , grousing about everything and at everyone in their path . this is supposed to be a drama , but what it is , is a total waste of film , without a single redeeming quality . i have read reviews touting the performances herein as `` wonderful , '' `` beautiful , '' and `` heroic . '' i 'm afraid i can not agree , unless these men were supposed to come off as the dumbest most ignorant proto-humans who ever walked . all in all ? this was not a movie . it wanders throughout and loses everyone but the audience . i 've watched this three times , and can not for the life of me see what anyone sees in this garbage . there is nothing profound here , whatsoever . it 's crap . it rates a zero/10 from ... the fiend : .
this apology for a movie is about absolutely nothing ! rachel griffiths must have needed the money . the film must have been made on a very low budget , because the lighting was non existent . i made a vow if i ever see pete postlesumthingor other i 'll commit suicide . i 'd be happy to know if there was 1 ) a plot or 2 ) a script . my biggest regret is i wasted my time watching this rubbish .
this god forsaken film is about three dumb millionaires who gather a bunch of people to play a deadly game , and the winner gets a million dollars . first of all , the acting is terrible , and the movie makes absolutely no sense at all . it is not scary in the least bit , it is so stupid that it made me laugh , which is why it earned that 1 star.the movie is not violent at all , but is pretty sleazy and focuses mostly on the women 's breasts the whole time , and some of the characters are very annoying and whiny . plus , the monsters in this movie are so cheesy and fake and not scary that it just makes you want to throw something at the screen . last , but not least the ending is terrible . i do n't want to give it away , in case you actually are strange enough to see this piece of junk . avoid at all costs ! ! ! ! ! not rated ( but should be r ) for nudity , profanity , and mild gore .
this is strictly a review of the pilot episode as it appears on dvd . television moved out of my life in 1981 , so i never followed the series or any part of it - which means that i 'm immune to the nostalgic charm that moonlighting appears to have for most reviewers . ( possible spoiler warning ) the pilot of moonlighting is your basic `` caveman meets fluffball '' yarn , where a `` charming '' red-blooded he-man manipulates a misguided woman into realizing what she really wants and needs . the premises that the script 's `` wit '' is based on must have already felt stale around 1950 . it also contains some frankly bad writing , as in the scene where maddie demolishes the furnishings instead of shooting the villain , strictly in order to prove herself the inept female in need of masculine assistance . i often feel that susan faludi overreacts in seeing male chauvinist conspiracy in simple entertainment , but in this particular case i 'm all with her - moonlighting has backlash stamped all over it . in one sense , however , this dvd is a must for all serious bruce willis fans : in addition to the pilot episode , it contains the screen test that landed willis the job . both features show to what amazing extent willis ' acting ability developed between 1985 and 1988/89 ( die hard 1 , in country ) . impressive ! rating ( and i _am_ a bruce willis fan ) : 2 out of 10
within the first few minutes of this dutch thriller , we learn that krabbe is a gay alcoholic writer who sleeps sans underwear , fantasizes about murdering his roommate , tries to steal a magazine from a news stand , and lusts after a studly young man he meets at the train station . and he 's the hero of this nonsensical movie that is all dressed up ( except for krabbe in at least one scene too many ) but has nowhere to go . the basic plot is very simple but is dragged out to nearly two hours before reaching a pointless conclusion . verhoeven has a nice visual flair but resorts to scenes of wild hallucinations , overt symbolism , and gratuitous gore when he runs out of ideas .
first off , the title character is not even the main character of the movie . he is the sidekick of the cult leader . the actor who portrays igor believed that screaming loud , laughing hysterically , and having a crooked smile while bugging out your eyes would be an excellent way to scare people . igor also had the annoying habit of yelling ( because he never actually just spoke ) in a high pitched voice . he would also say idiotic one-liners . for example when the cult leader murders one of his followers with a buzz saw , igor upon seeing this , yells out `` paul ! no paul ! why 'd you do it ? i could have cut her clean ! so clean ! '' in another scene igor tells a victim that she would have to 'get her own tools for surgery because right now , it was his time to operate . ' aside from the bad acting , the ending did not make sense because while the story builds up what little steam it has towards the climax , which is igor getting a crossbow arrow to the head and the rest of his lunatic buddies being killed , he shows up again two more times to kill the remaining 'good guys ' . the movie offers no explanation of this , only telling the viewer that igor escaped from the mental hospital . what ? ? ? bottom line is do not waste your time watching this movie . i wish i could get back the moments i lost watching this .
after watching this on the mst3k episode , i have to wonder how many movies this film borrows from . it seems to combine elements of logans run , farenheight 451 , final sacrifice and at least several others . at one point i was really expecting cris makepease to call lee majors rowsdower . i wonder if the director has any clue how many holes there are in the plot . like the fact that , even though gas is unavailable , there is plenty of it in abandoned gas stations , and the stations are located close enough together to keep an f1 race car going all the way across the country .
if you ask me the first one was really better one . look at sarah m. g. , she is real , mean , cruel girl , look at amy adams she is just little fool hanging around . she is nothing ! people do n't adore her ! second , sebastian was cute and hot in first movie , now he is `` baby face '' . story is not that good , and i do not understand . why did n't they make this one first , it is the beginning . loosy actors , nothing with story . this is not cruel , this is playing . first one has better actors , better story , and its mean . i think that the music is better in cruel intentions 1 and the music is better in cruel intentions 3 . it is not the worst movie i saw , but in compaer with first one its one big , big , big nothing .
i could n't watch more than 14 minutes of it . it 's a great combination of really bad acting and really bad directing . the shots used are disgusting , they broke the 180 degrees angle all the time . my head hurts try to watch that load of `` you know what '' . dirt on the `` mystery machine '' window make you see light from the lighting on the windows ... annoying . what else ... it 's so badly framed all the time it 's just make you want to scream at that lady directing there . i only directed short films , but i 'm pretty sure i 'd be way better than that directing a feature film .... the story is unbelievable , just the long french kissing scene at the beginning tell you that it 's gon na be pretty awful . so pretty much , try to avoid this really bad movies at all cost , it 'll save you the 5 bucks or so for the rental , and that 1h30 hour of your life you 'll never get back ...
i do n't know where to begin , so i 'll begin with a snippet from the back of the cover of this movie . `` alive combines the tension of vincenzo natali 's cube with kitamura 's own versus . '' i have not seen versus , so i ca n't comment on that , but i think cube was an excellent movie which i recommend to everyone . however , in this case someone has clearly confused `` tension '' with `` boredom '' . i 'll just go ahead and spoil the entire plot , because besides being one holy swiss cheese of a plot , it 's also moldy cheese , and the movie is not worth spending any time on even if you do n't know the plot beforehand , so it does n't matter . if i have misunderstood the plot , do n't hit me - it 's probably because i had to struggle to keep my eyelids open . so the american military in nevada once lost a ufo i the nambi desert . this apparently makes sense because they 're both deserts so surely they 're practically the same place . different continents or not . a monkey broke into the ufo and acquired an alien something which was passed on to a japanese researcher who had to eat the monkey to survive in the desert . what ever . the alien thing is now passed on to anyone who 's `` bloodthirsty '' enough to kill the current host . the japanese military wants to use it for military stuff , so they decide to make it pass from the current host ( the researcher 's daughter ) to some other dude . but instead of just picking someone out of the military , which is full of people who are bloodthirsty and already on the military 's side , they decide that it 's probably a good idea to pick some criminal out of death row instead . oh , and the reason they pick this particular criminal from death row is because he was the first person in history to not die from the non-lethal electric shock which is the standard execution method , because everyone dies from the placebo effect when they get electrocuted . i do n't know if they do this so they can giggle in the staff room at how everyone dies even though it 's not deadly , or if they just want to cut down the electricity bill . then the movie turns into what the matrix would have been if it had been really lame , and superfluous fighting bores us to tears for what feels like an hour . and oh wait , now they remember that they already had a dude who was infected with the alien thing , so the entire movie up to this point was actually a totally waste of time and also human lives . then everyone dies . the end . the only one moment in the movie where i did n't want to go away and sleep or eat a sandwich instead , was when a dude was pinned to a wall by a pipe through his chest , and he 's hanging around up there and another dude walks by . the dude hanging on the wall says `` i 'm in pain , shoot me '' . and the living dude looks at him , and it 's not like he 's a mean dude or anything , so he really looks sorrowful and does n't want the guy on the wall to suffer . so he shoots him . ( rhetorical pause . ) in the stomach . `` gee thanks a freakin ' heap . ''
i 've almost forever been against the inclusion of songs in a movie . my belief was that the quality of the film would automatically be improved if only those extremely annoying songs would be axed . however , things have quickly changed after watching that horrible black ( no songs ) & this movie , page 3 ( plenty of songs ) . while black was weak to an extreme , page 3 delivers a gripping story with some strong acting & good direction . the songs were almost incidental & blended in almost seamlessly with the film . there certainly were n't any women getting sprayed with water for no apparent reason from mysterious water sources while gyrating wildly on the streets at night . i was pleasantly surprised with the bold and unabashed approach used by the director . there was no glossing over of anything and almost every scene was completely believable . i 'd recommend this films for hindi-speaking people with at least a slight understanding of mumbai life . the former because the english subtitling was below par and contained many errors which , at times , completely reversed the meaning of the actual statement . the latter because you 'll definitely appreciate the accuracy of the depiction once you 've lived it yourself . i 'd definitely rank this as a work worthy of international recognition . the scenes with the gossiping drivers was a nice touch and it served simultaneously as a source of genuine humour as well as another perspective on the whole mishmash . the movie does fall short in a few places though , where the characters sometimes say the most inexplicable things which detract from the overall direction of the film . i also thought that a couple of the sadder scenes were not done very well . it was a touch amusing to watch , rather than arouse any feelings of sadness & the whole scene tended to come across as a bit foolish . these are minor issues though , because the film , on the whole , is truly a rare treat to watch . overall , it 's a cynical , pessimistic outlook and a refreshing one at that ! actors , not 'heroes ' - that 's the key . a chance to glimpse believable human beings in an extraordinary setting - everyday life . a behind-the-scenes look at the extent of the depravity and a rare ray of hope for indian cinema . 8/10 .
the film had some likable aspects . perhaps too many for my taste . it felt as though the writer/director was desperately trying to get us to feel the inner conflict of all of its characters . not once , a few times ... but all of the time . this is the job of television , not cinema . the location of the train station was well chosen and i enjoyed sascha horler 's performance as the pregnant friend . i felt as though justine clarke 's performance was wan . her reactions to things felt forced , as though the director were trying to vocalise the themes of the film through her protagonist 's expressions . i also ca n't believe that a director can make the wonderful daniela farinacci into an unbelievable presence . i can not understand the choice of pop music slapped over entire sequences . this is a lazy device , especially where the pop music comes from no place diagetic to the film and/or where the lyrics of the song feel embarrassingly earnest . that said , there is a breezy quality about the film that evokes the australian heat and local attitude with originality . it does create an atmosphere of heat and sunshine . especially with the usage of wonderful animation sequences that rescue the film from complete mediocrity , infusing it with passion and hand-crafted charm . i am curious why the dialogue feels so overworked . `` who knows if there 's a god ? like some guy sitting there up in the sky telling us what to do '' or whatever the line was . perhaps one of the more embarrassing moments was the friend returning home from cricket with a bunch of flowers to declare to his wife `` i 'm giving up smoking . '' an anti-smoking commercial ? a tac ad with some tasteful animation ? i had to leave the cinema at the 50 minute mark -- it was all too much .
i decided to watch this serial after seeing the endless adverts for it on the bbc in the weeks prior to it starting . i watched it despite the fact that i do n't like the pretentious kind of stuff that alan hollinghurst writes ( sorry to his fans but i think we have a case of the emperor 's new clothes with this author 's work ) . i admit that the acting is excellent , it is beautifully shot and i was reasonably entertained by it - however- i found that the storyline was extremely thin and after watching all three episodes feel very unsatisfied with this rather empty production . the 'explicit ' gay sex that the media droned on about has all been done before on tv - several times - so it was nothing very shocking i 'm afraid . full marks for production values but low ones for storyline/content i 'm afraid .
the underground comedy movie is perhaps one of the worst comedies i 've ever seen . i should have known it was going to be bad when the box had the phrase `` guaranteed to offend '' written on it ... meaning that the filmmakers were going to focus more on grossing you out than making you laugh . this movie is an amateurish jumble of childish skits , bad characters , and worse jokes ... from the pathetic bat-man sketch to the painfully unfunny arnold shvollenpecker skit , they just are n't funny . the few skits that are a little funny are few and far between - watching micheal clark duncan play a gay virgin , for example - but even they go on too long and get ruined from vince offer 's ineptness at comedy . keep the underground comedy movie underground ... bury it !
i made the big mistake of actually watching this whole movie a few nights ago . god i 'm still trying to recover . this movie does not even deserve a 1.4 average . imdb needs to have 0 vote ratings possible for movies that really deserve it like this one . a 1.4 is too high . i had heard how awful this movie was , but i really did not think a movie could actually be that bad , especially in this day and era . i figured all of the cheesy god awful movies were only from the 1950s and 1960s . my god was i wrong . trust me folks , this movie really is that bad . it is beyond horrible ; it is beyond pathetic ; it is beyond any type of word that i can think of for it . battlefield earth looks like best picture of the year compared to this movie . snake island ( which up until now was the worst movie i 'd ever seen ) looks like it deserves a few oscars compared to this pathetic effort . i seriously can not believe that the makers of this movie thought this was a legitimate serious effort of producing a hollywood movie . this has no business being called a movie . in the first 25 seconds of the film , i seriously thought i was watching some high school theater class attempting to make a short movie . or better yet , i thought it was some saturday night live ripoff skit of the real thing . i mean , it looks exactly like that . the acting is horrible ; the whole movie almost looks like it was shot with a 20 year old vhs video camera . the special effects ....... well good lord bewitched from back in the day had better special effects than this movie . the scene where he gets shot at the door is beyond laughable and beyond cheesy . i mean seriously , my intro to acting class from 4 years ago in college , all of us could have put together a better movie than this . and the worst part of the entire movie , where arthur is naked in the bathroom . oh my god i almost thew up right there . i have a strong stomach , but wow that was horrible . some people should never be naked , and he 's one of them . the plot of this movie just seems to go absolutely nowhere . they talk about legal issues that we never hear about again ; ben talks about getting into music that we never hear about again ; arthur says he is looking for a job and money for college and the next thing we see is he 's running a porn shop . everything about the movie is just horrible . this really does n't have much to do with my critique , but just so everyone knows , i am not a gay man . i do however support gay rights and believe we should all be treated as equals . and i would support any gay person in my church , unlike the cruel priest in this movie , who by the way seems to cuss every other word . ( where is the f * ( # * ing white out ? ) hahaha but i did n't want anyone to think i hated this movie just because of it being about two gay guys . it has nothing to do with that : this would have been just as horrible of a movie if it was ben & jill instead of ben & arthur . i just watched this movie to see if it really was as bad as they say . and yes it was even worse than i had read . let this be a warning to everyone : only watch this movie if you want to just sit back and laugh at how pathetic some movies in the 21st century can still be . if you watch this movie and are actually expecting a good movie or some entertainment , i have no sympathy for you whatsoever . on a final thought : how in the world are there 7 movies ranked below this on imdb ? there is no way there are 7 movies out there that are worse than this !
i love anthony hopkins as an actor so i was very interested to see how he would do as a writer/director . i could not have been more disappointed by this move . the movie was so disjointed and the cinematography was so over done to the point i wanted to pull the plug out of the wall . the actors were very good but it was such a waste of talent . not all actors are cut out to be writers or directors and clearly mr. hopkins falls into this category . of all the movies i have ever seen in my 50 years , this is absolutely the worst movie ever . please do us all a favor mr. hopkins and stick to acting , which you are excellent at , and leave the writing and directing to those who are talented in those areas . if i could give this movie a rating less than one i certainly would .
yes , talk about bad sequels . rick moranis stars in this awful third sequel to the once-funny-and-entertaining `` honey i shrunk the kids '' . the concept basically plays the same way as the first film , but with the adults instead of the kids being shrunk and the inner house instead of the garden as the universe to explore . if you think this sounds interesting , think again . the movie is boring at best , right down an embarrassment at worst . first of all , the continuity of the series has been completely flushed down the toilet . the only remaining actor of the first movie is apparently rick moranis . the actress playing his wife has changed , the actors playing the kids have changed , the ones playing the neighbors have changed ... you name it . they try to make us believe this is the same family , but the results are puzzling to say the least . second , the story is a rehash of the first one , with not one bit of originality . all the few jokes ( and there 's barely any ) and the dangerous situations presented in the movie are just copied straight from `` honey i shrunk the kids '' . third problem , the special effects . i 'm sure this has been done on a smaller budget , but they are pathetic , way way worse than the ones appearing in the rest of the series . you 're supposed to admire in awe these tiny figures exploring the huge domestic area , but you 'll probably end up cringing most of the time . fourth problem , to locate the action inside the house is just boring . only few things happen , and when they happen , they are not thrilling at all . the first movie was amusing because the kids were dealing with nature , the grass , and the bugs that live in it . in this one , the adults ( which come up as rather boring , compared to the kids ) deal with dust , a cockroach and a cockroach trap . disgusting . i do n't know why the idea of releasing such a trite sequel to the already moribund series appealed disney 's executives , except maybe because they needed to cash in without spending five minutes thinking about something new . i 'm warning you : leave this tasteless cash-in garbage where it should stay : getting dust on the shop 's shelves .
trying to conceive of something as insipid as the sentinel would be pretty difficult . the problems are many . the result is terrible and loaded with plot holes . michael douglas stars as pete garrison , a secret service agent who `` took one '' for reagan during the attempt on his life . years later we find pete assigned to the whitehouse family , mainly as a guard for the first lady ( kim basinger , l.a . confidential ) . troubles arise as we see pete 's close involvement with the first lady , and a sudden threat against the president himself ( david rasche , united 93 ) . when pete fails a polygraph test , he 's singled out as a disgruntled agent by investigator david breckinridge ( kiefer sutherland , 24 tv series ) . as the presidential assassination plot unfolds , pete finds himself on the run from his own people . his only confidant is the first lady , and she 's reluctant to tell anyone about their affections for one another ( which is why pete failed the polygraph in the first place ) . but is pete really innocent ? or is he simply trying to buy time until he can kill the president ? if he is innocent , how can he help prevent the assassination attempt while running from the secret service ? the one , big , overwhelming problem with this film is that there 's no justification for the reason behind the presidential threat . is n't that what the movie 's supposed to be about ? one would think so ! but the audience is never let in on why the assassin ( s ) want to kill the prez . hmm . someone forget to put that in the script somewhere ? and what 's with david breckinridge 's ( kiefer 's ) new partner , jill marin ( eva longoria , carlita 's way ) ? seems that she was put in the film strictly as a piece of a $ $ -candy . what was her purpose again ? did she do anything other than look nice in tight pants and a low-cut blouse ? there are so many problems with the basic premise of the sentinel as to be laughable . the action is too easily stymied by the `` what the ... ? '' responses sure to be uttered by those unfortunate enough to watch the movie .
when i decided to watch the barbarians , starring those twin bodybuilders , peter and david paul , i thought it could n't be that bad because the film was directed by ruggero deodato , who has a reputation for creating sleazy movies but well made sleazy movies . well , the barbarians is remarkably trashy action/adventure movie that wants to be another conan the barbarian , and fails at every level . the look of the film is all wrong . some scenes were well shot but the tone and the schintzy , tacky `` disco '' look of the clothes and hair people are adorned with just does n't make any sense whatsoever , even for a low budget flick like this one . richard lynch looks like an old woman with that ridiculous hairdo and costume . he 's supposed to be menacing but he comes across as a buffoon . and it 's funny to see eva larue callahan , one of the stars of all my children , appear in her first movie , walking around in skimpy fur bikini . i 'm sure she wants this dreck to disappear from the face of the earth ! the so-called barbarian twins are okay as the muscle bound heroes but it 's almost impossible to construct a proper critique of their acting because their roles are , like everything else in this mess , really ill-conceived . the only way the film tries to differentiate one twin from the other is by having one twin wear a loincloth that covers his ass , while the other twin 's loincloth barely covers his muscular butt . i 'm not kidding ! do n't ask me who 's who though . deodato must have been really desperate to agree to make this film . and his desperation is reflected perfectly in this trashy flick . it 's just bad .
besides all of the technical mistakes .... how about a female flight attendant who 's able to kill , all by herself , 4 out of the 7 terrorists ( including ex marines ) , 2 of whom without even using a gun . then , she lands the plane perfectly . we 're not talking about sigourney weaver or linda hamilton ; we 're talking about a regular , frightened , yet very well composed flight attendant . : d how about the leader in charge of the assault/rescue squad , having a full-proof ( according to the logic of the script ) plan of sleep-gassing everyone and having someone from his team fly the plane . only he decides at the spur of the moment to change plans and instead lead an attack on the terrorists , guns blazing , not knowing where the terrorists are , or how many , and not securing a position of advantage , so that his whole team gets easily wiped out . yeah , that 's using the old noggin . only later to decide to use the sleep gas anyway . and it turns out useless for all intensive purposes . bad as this movie was , though , i could n't stop myself from watching and wondering , what next ? : d i ca n't help but imagine all the excellent , unemployed script writers thinking to themselves , it 's not fair . lol ! : d
woody allen , when at his best , has one of the sharpest pens around . he can make an acute observation and wrap it around a punch line like nobody else . however , when he 's at his worst his movies can stench of pretentiousness . unfortunately , `` melinda and melinda '' has this stench from opening to closing . the set up is one of his more intriguing ideas in a while . four friends sit in a restaurant discussing whether the essence of life is comedy or drama . to help settle the argument , one man relates the beginning of a story and asks the two other men arguing ( one a comic playwright , the other a dramatic playwright ) whether the story is a comedy or a tragedy . the two men then continue the story and the movie plays out the stories that they weave . now , when i first heard about this film , my understanding was that they tell the exact same story , the genre ( comedy or drama ) only changes by how you look at it . now that would have been interesting . however , the stories only share one main element and a few side elements . they are entirely different stories with major plot differences . the drama is so stiffly scripted and pretentious that it can only really work as self-parody . if this was the point , then it failed because these elements prevent the audience from feeling any emotional investment in any of the characters . the comedy is the story that has moments of success , but they are still short and fleeting . will farrell is obviously meant to be the stand-in for woody , but he could have played this character so much more believably without adding woody 's stutters and hand-ticks . woody is the best at being woody . when someone else tries , they 're not playing a character , they are modeling a recognizable actor . this type of thing only pulls the audience out of the story . my favorite woody allen movies make me leave the theater a little bit lighter in spirit than i walked in . this one made me wish i could get my money back .
do n't understand how these animated movies keep coming out , and no matter how good ( or bad ) it is people love it . i saw this movie with my two kids ( 5,7 ) . they like pretty much anything animated ( like most people who rated this film ) . the theater was almost full , and i looked forward to seeing the movie with its superb cast . to tell the truth i was bored silly . it was unbelievably predictable and just plain unfunny . there were a couple chuckles throughout the film and that was it . of course they tried time and time again to get the cheap laugh , but just did n't work . my son almost always says to me that he wants the dvd after we see an animated movie , but not on this one . my daughter fell asleep half way through . also , the kids thought the character animation looked weird . i have n't heard that from them since seeing the polar express , which gave my daughter nightmares . trust me , i 'm not the type who looks for the negative in everything . but quality is quality , and like so many animated movies they throw out there , it has very little .
roman polanski has made many , many movies that are unexceptional . his fame bewilders me . nothing stands out as a high point except chinatown ( i have n't seen 'knife in the water ' or 'tess ' ) . any contribution he 's made to film concluded more than twenty years ago ; his work is just embarrassing , safe and/or dull ( the pianist , frantic , oliver twist , the ninth gate , pirates ) . r 's baby must have signified the end of the establishment at the time it came out . it 's lux-produced and fairly high concept for a 1968 'horror ' movie ( never show the baby ) . but this is just misconceived horror sap . everything is arty to the point that the plot line becomes hopelessly clear very early ( um , thanks for that finale-destroying title ) , and on a clear day you can see the twist ending coming for days . it did not sustain my interest . i find that whatever this movie might have been , it is utterly derailed by the 1960 's version of what femininity was . farrow is such a chronic distracted , helpless waif/housewife . her frailty is oversold ... she 's irritating in the extreme . there 's no real ideas in it ... nothing to consider except being the mother of the devil . the dakota is barely exploited for it eerie potential .
who ? what ? where ? when ? why ? the acting was terrible . very robotic , rehearsed . i have seen all of the actors in this film in better roles . the screenplay was very elementary . by the end of this film , the story line was tied up . and jeane claude lamarre should be tied up , too . so that he never attempts to write/direct another film .
`` boom '' has garnered itself a something of a reputation . with heavyweights taylor , burton , noel coward , tennessee williams and joseph losey , one might be tempted to think , how bad could it be ? well , it 's a lot worse than you could possibly imagine . the sad and disturbing fact of `` boom '' is that is seems to signal the decline and fall of the aforementioned heavyweights . it was only director joseph losey who having plummeted the depths with `` modesty blaise '' and `` boom '' ( some may wish to add `` secret ceremony '' ) , managed to recuperate and in 1970 create his best work , the wonderful `` go-between '' . saddest of all is the work of tennesee williams . from the mid forties until the early sixties , williams penned a number of plays which have gained classic status , remaining in theater repertory throughout the world , many becoming much praised films . when william 's muse deserted him , probably owing to his notorious substance abuse , it deserted him for good . williams at his best is an actor 's dream providing many unforgettable performances . ( were ava gardner or deborah kerr ever better than in `` night of the iguana '' ? ) taylor in particular , shone in both `` cat on a hot tin roof '' and `` suddenly last summer '' . there is an anecdote in which supposedly taylor asks john gielgud whether he would teach her to play shakespeare , to which he replied `` if you will teach me to play tennessee williams '' . had gielgud seen `` boom '' he would have held his tongue . taylor simply has never been worse , turning in a cringe inducing performance . despite her face photographing well , she is decidedly podgy . besides the physical decline , from this time onwards she would basically lose credibility as a serious actress with a string of completely forgettable ( and worse ) roles to her credit . much the same could be said of burton . following his short lived theatrical stardom , he won fame and fortune in hollywood . but the body of his work from this point onwards ( 1968 ) would be unremarkable to say the least . noel coward had long ceased being a force in the theater where his drawing room comedies had been replaced by the likes of williams and the british `` angry young men '' . he seems to be enjoying himself camping it up , but barely manages to amuses , that from the man who claimed such a talent . the only cast member who maintains her dignity is young joanna shimkus , who in a few years would forego a promising screen career to become mrs. sidney poitier . `` boom '' reeks of self indulgence ; it 's simply out of control . a rather sad pointer to careers gone wrong rather than a camp fun fest as some have suggested .
ok the plot is , wait you got me there is no true discernible plot here just a string of optically fogged sex scenes , strung together by scenes of photographers taking pictures of pretty ladies ( sometimes a combination of the two ) then a demon comes around kills the men , rapes and kills the women , and waxes poetic about the meaning of life . moronic special effects , bad acting and bizarre philosophy aside , you get what you expect from a film with a title like this . i guess it would have to be someone 's cup of tea , just not mine as i have yet to see a good kazuo 'gaira ' komizu directed film . dvd extras : subtitled interview with director kazuo komizu part 1 ( part 2 is on the entrails of a beautiful woman dvd ) ; and theatrical tailer my grade : f
i love the episode where jim becomes the greenman . it is great ! when jim tosses that little person through the window , the look on his face is priceless . then when he starts to address the priest in his wife 's behalf only to find out that she has become the pee-woman ? great writing and great casting along with great acting makes this a must see . i am attempting to find a certain photo from that episode . i 'd like to use it as my avatar on a message board because i think the greenman is hilarious . does anyone know where i can download a photo of jim as the greenman ? can anyone point me in the right direction to find such a photo ?
johnathan frakes is a good actor and , when he 's not directing a family film , a fine director . but , he really should n't have directed this movie , and the screenplay should 've been rejected . the director and writers must understand what the original tv show was really about , as well as who the characters were and how they worked . the original series had many episodes with razor-sharp writing using good dialogue and with situations that american producers would never consider using in children 's programming , much less a movie , which made the original series so well received by adults . i mean , the tracys were college graduates and some of them did even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco ! and , there were characters who did get killed , although most were bad guys . if they had written it the way that it was originally done , which is n't dumbing things down with poor dialogue , kindergarten humor , and a weak plot , this universal/studio canal joint venture would n't have such bad reviews . this motion picture is almost pure blasphemy . if you 've seen the original supermarionation series , then you 'll know what i 'm talking about ! the first thing that was out of place and annoying were the constant references to ford motor company , even going so far that lady penelope was riding around in a disfigured ford thunderbird made up to look like fab-1 instead of using what would 've been more appropriate considering ms. penelope 's station ( not to mention being more faithful to the original ) , a rolls-royce fab-1 . she 's supposed to be a distinguished member of british society , hence the preference for england 's finest make of motorcars in the original series . one other reviewer here indicated that penelope would n't be caught dead in a ford . he 's pretty much right in the context that the idea of her riding in a ford does n't work . at least they could have had penelope ride in a jaguar made up like fab 1 since jaguar is a british car make that is owned by ford , but no ! they had to use a straight ford ! but the ford product placement does n't end there . every single car you may see is a ford ! even the news flash that is shown on the tv sets in the movie were sponsored by ford ! ford , ford , ford ! the predominance of ford vehicles makes this movie an obvious marketing vehicle for ford . the original series had a design that was futuristic for the 1960s and still remains ahead of its time even today . but , the futuristic design in the original series worked because there was an effort to make the design look practical and functional . this kind of treatment did n't exist in the movie , where everything is stylized to excess , defeating the sense of functionality and practicality . a lot of things that were done in the design of the movie were done strictly for style , many times with no sense of function to give that style a sense of reason . the original series relied on good acting performances of the voice talent to overcome the limited expressions in the puppets , bringing them to life in the episodes . the brilliant and lively music score by barry gray helped even further to connect the audience with the story , the characters , and how everything came together to help achieve the super objective ( a little bit of stanislavski talk ) . the movie , on the other hand , had some overly grating performances . anthony edwards overplayed brains to a fault , bill paxton as jeff tracy just did n't work despite decent acting ( one of few ) , there were better choices for the hood than ben kingsley , and many others that i do n't care to mention ( it would take too long ) . quite simply , the puppets were more believable ! second was the overly generic and underwhelming music score by hans zimmer , sounding more like a mix between `` days of thunder '' and `` apollo 13 . '' and , of course , the hood . the hood in the original series had an ability to communicate with kyrano through a statue of kyrano as an outlet for esp contact . but , that was where his extraordinary capability ended . he 's a master of disguise and deception , which allows him to sneak around undetected ( for the most part , anyways ) to gather information of the thunderbirds vehicles for his own means . he also uses weapons for his own defense , including pistols , and generally collects information using a film camera , although he tried to steal thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s united artists release of `` thunderbird 6 '' ( which was the last thunderbirds show filmed in supermarionation and was the second thunderbirds theatrical release ) . but , while he is a nemesis of international rescue , the hood is n't the villain in every thunderbirds episode and he tends to avoid direct confrontation with international rescue . in the movie , he 's obviously the main villain , but he and his cohorts seem to act more like morons , along with the hood having extended mind control ability , including the ability to move objects and move himself into flight for brief periods of time . this totally deviates from the hood as a character in the original series with one that may leave kids laughing and people familiar with the series scratching their heads in confusion or leaving the theater in disgust . there are more criticisms , but the 1000 word limit for imdb reviews will not allow me to list all of them . so , i will close with the point being made that i did n't enjoy this movie . as a matter of fact , i think it sucks ! having seen the original series and supermarionation movies ( thunderbirds are go , thunderbird 6 ) , i was hoping for something a lot better than this . the original supermarionation was a lot more sophisticated and elegant than this live action farce . ( and that 's saying it nicely . ) - kip wells
poor michael madsen ; he must be kicking himself to know folks have found out about this horrible flick . i really ca n't think of anything worse i have ever seen , except amateur porn . it 's that bad , and all here ; wooden acting , bad script , crappy moral ending , you hate it and it is in this movie . my question is : `` who the hell put $ $ $ into this piece of doggy doo ? at least we could have seen michael 's sister virginia nude in a scene , but i do n't think even that would save this stinker ... for a cool guy that has made some exception movies , i want to know what wacky church sponsored this piece of crapola .
they made me watch this in school and it was terrible . the movie is outdated . the episodes become confusing because fact is combined with fiction to make the story more interesting.the teachers talked about it as a treat but really it was a painfully boring experience.i have read that very few people who appear in this are actors , but most of them them do what they do in the movie in real life.this accounts for cheesy acting very often . also , very often the story becomes mildly outrageous and far-fetched . i do n't like the way some of the lines were written and wish they had more meaning to them . though , it was written to be educational , funny , suspenseful , and hip , it ended up being boring , dry , far-fetched , and old . i hope no one takes time to watch this movie because you would be just fine not seeing it .
i watched this movie last week sometime and had the biggest laugh i 've had in a long while . the plot of the film is pretty dumb and convoluted in a badly crafted way . the only plus to be found anywhere in the film are corey savier 's impressive abs . alexandra paul ( i think that 's her name ) is horrendous as the preacher 's wife who has a history of depression . ted mckenzie is gross and his character 's a twit on top of it all . and as if the fact that you think she 's having sex with her son is n't enough , they throw in needless sax solos at every opportunity ! the end and climax of this film is absolutely abysmal and also laughable . i mean who the hell wants to carry the child of a con who tried to make you think he was your son and that you were having an incestuous relationship with him !
yes , this movie make me feel real horror , when i realized that i paid for it and spent more than 1 hour of my life trying to watch it . the bald guy just give me the impression of being a psycho - junkie actor and the girl is the worst actress i ever seen . believe me if you appreciate your time avoid this movie , i understand a movie requires money to be created and some movies do not have that money but that is no justification for a stupid plot and bad acting . i 'm always supporting independent movies , when it deserves the support , but movies like this makes a bad name for this kind of movies . i 'm still traumatized . i will not trust in any nice cover anymore .
anyone who 's watched a few lifetime movie network movies knows that plot credibility is the first thing that gets brushed off the planning table . so , when crazed lara moves into patti 's home and methodically begins to drive her landlady bonkers , i did n't even blink . when lara eventually ramps up her activities to threatening poor patti , and dares her to do anything about it , i just nodded . you see , on planet lmn , people do n't behave the way they do for any particular reason , they just do it to keep the action going . only on planet lmn could someone almost have the owner of a home thrown out of their own house by means of their seductive powers ! ! poor patti - she just trusted too much , and lara went off her medicine , and then there was this big fight at the top of the stairs involving a syringe full of deadly stuff that ends up injected into someone 's tummy , and a body bag going out the front door . the horror ! but take it from me , this planet lmn product is a classic . you need to watch it once , just for the great laughs you 'll have . on the improbability scale , i give this film a 95/100 . make a big batch of popcorn and get some apple slices , too . you 'll understand later .
this has to be the worst , and i mean worst biker movie ever made ! and that 's saying a lot because the line of stinkers is long and smelly ! now at least we know what happened to ginger after she was rescued from gilligan 's island ! a frightened looking tina louise ( she was probably afraid someone would see this mess ! ) is a stranded motorist who is tormented by the most repulsive motorcycle gang in film history . but , do n't worry fans ! batman , i mean adam west as a hick-town doctor comes to the rescue ! pow ! crush ! boom ! holy toledo batman ! the only good points of this `` bomb '' are some cute women , some laughable fight scenes , and the still `` sexy '' tina louise !
sly stallone is hardly the finest actor in the world but compared to his brother , frank ... well , roll out those awards now ! mullet haired , muppet frank seems to think that every part he plays , calls for him doing the role as an american/italian wise-guy refugee from the 'godfather . ' please , somebody make him an acting offer 'he can refuse ! ' this film just stinks the place out , even by the terrible overacting in this , frank still steals the acting dishonours . all the people compensate for their lack of talent by shouting their lines and throwing their arms about , gesticulating wildly in a style that went out of fashion back with silent films . the plot , what there , is , makes no sense as a meteor lands and turns all the women into sex-crazed nymphets but as this is 15 certificate film , that just means they strip to their underwear and make moaning sounds like dogs on heat . what happens in the end , i 'm not quite sure as i was losing the will to live long before the film finished . avoid this like the plague and watch 'deep impact ' for a reasonable film about a meteor about to hit the earth . n.b . point of order : when one of the female leads strips down to her underwear , she has her knickers/panties under her suspenders/garter belt , it 's knickers over the suspenders to allow women to go to the toilet with less fuss . a trivial point , perhaps , but shows how dumb this film is when they ca n't even get this right !
where can i begin . i heard this movie was coming out and i was very mad . i am a huge fan of the original carlito 's way and when i heard about this , i thought it would be just like almost all the other sequels that come out in hollywood . i thought it would be bad . boy was i wrong , this movie was much worse than i expected . not saying all sequels are bad , but thats the problem with hollywood these days , they make too many sequels and remakes and rush them . this was not a theater release , it is a dvd release . still , in my opinion , there was no reason at all for this to be made . after i heard about this film was in progress , i then later heard pacino was not in it . that right away killed any chance this movie had of being good . why did i check this movie out then some of you may ask ? well i had the opportunity to see it so i did . i do n't only watch movies that i have high expectations of , i had low expectations on this one obviously . i just wanted to see if it would have anything relevant in it . now , if any of you reading this are a carlito 's way fan , you know a lot of the story in the first one has to do with him going to jail . * very minor spoiler * i wont ruin anything , because this may actually make you not want to waste 2 hours watching this trash . all i will say is- in the end of carlito 's way 2 , we do n't see carlito go to jail . now , i do n't know about any of you , but i would have thought a prequel to carlitos way would show how he ended up in jail . i even had some interest in actually seeing what happened . now , thats not my only problem with the film . the actor who played carlito did not do too bad a job , but he could not have saved this film if he tried . there 's not even all those little things that should be thrown in there that carlito 's way fans would like . you do n't see any appearance of kleinfeld or other key characters in the first one , i would have liked to see something like that . what is even worse , is luis guzman is in this film , yet he does n't play the same character he plays in the first film . big mistake on their part , why cast the same actor for a different character , it made the movie worse than it already was . bottom line , i am a carlito 's way fan , this new straight to dvd release is a disgrace . if you are a fan , do n't watch this movie coming in with high expectations . this movie did basically nothing for me , and it is definitely one movie i wont be picking up on dvd , or watching ever again .
i 've always liked fred macmurray , and—although her career was tragically cut short—i think carole lombard is fun to watch . pair these two major and attractive stars together , add top supporting players like jean dixon , anthony quinn , dorothy lamour and charles butterworth , give them a romantic script , team them with noted director mitchell leisen and you get a mediocre movie experience . skid johnson ( fred ) and maggie ( carole ) `` meet cute '' during her visit to the panama canal , and spend the next few weeks falling in love . skid 's a great trumpeter , so he embarks on a musical career , which is predictably meteoric in both its rise and fall . during his climb to musical stardom , he neglects maggie , who later inspires him to start over after he 's hit rock bottom . ah , yes it 's the true hollywood happy ending , which comes none too soon . stars and a director of this caliber should guarantee success , but this movie is so predictable and slow-paced that it 's difficult to watch at times . the early scenes set in panama are so draggy that they seem to go on forever , and later an alcoholic skid just wanders endlessly in new york . fred and carole try their best , but the tired script and s-l-o-w direction just do n't give them a chance . even the final scene , in which maggie encourages skid to rise from the ashes of alcohol and disappointment , just does n't ring true . this movie should be seen once to watch some early performances from stars macmurray and lombard . however , i guarantee that watching it will seem to take about 48 hours .
honestly , if anyone has a brain , there 's not 1 positive thing to say about this movie what so ever . i lost my $ 1 renting this . i 'd rather laugh at will smith saying `` if you got a dream , you got to protect it '' . all the actors must 've been bored or had no fame at the time . even matthew mc conahay * however you spell it * was better then all the actors in this movie , when he played a psycho in texas chainsaw 4 . if you see this movie , and have anything good to say , you iq , must be extremely low , with such bad taste in movies , it hurts . thank you ... and the truth , has been spoken ! save yourself from the misery . get devil 's rejects , now that 's a classic .
i just finished a marathon of this series , and it became agonising to watch as it progressed . from the fictionalising of the historical elements , to o'herlihy 's awful accent in later episodes , the show just slumps the further it goes . if you are looking for some low quality production generalised ww2 fluff , then i could recommend season 1 , but avoid anything after that , it degenerates into being one step from a soap opera , with increasingly worse story lines and sensibility . the old b & w film is by far the best of any form of entertainment with the colditz name attached to it , and even that is not what one could hope for .
not even worth watching this tacky spoiler ruins everything about 'annie ' . the characters seem almost cheapened by the poorly written storyline and they low quality feeling to the production . it was very clearly made for tv , yet if i found it on my television , i would flick it straight over . the children in the film do an alright job , yet the adults acting is unbelievable and so the movie fails to really draw you in . this film lacked the music/dance numbers thats made the original brilliant and truly does take the shine of the annie we all love . johnson , as annie is at times annoying and over acted .. you can not convince yourself that she truly is annie . the differences in character appearance continued to irritate me throughout the duration of the film . sad to say this sequel was a total flop .
it is a frank zappa axiom that `` music journalism is people who ca n't write interviewing people who ca n't talk for people who ca n't read . '' if you ever needed proof that musicians ca n't talk , this is the film for you . repeated attempts at profundity stumble over themselves to end up in monosyllabic comments delivered in awestruck voices : `` wow . '' ( thank you , idris muhammed . ) this film is pretentious but , while much of the pontificating from youssou n'dour and his gang of merry men ( and one token woman ) grates , the music saves the day . the main idea behind the film ( what i take to be the main idea , dredged out of the inarticulate commentary ) is interesting . to gather a group of musicians from america and europe and take them on a journey through the different styles of music that grew up in and out of slavery , back to their roots in the music of west africa , and a concert in the old slave fort of gorée off the coast of senegal . we are treated to gospel , blues , jazz and variations of these , including some fantastic drumming both in new orleans and senegal . there 's also a good deal of n'dour 's own compositions . sadly , that 's another weakness . it 's never entirely clear what n'dour himself wants to achieve . to some degree , the film appears to be an exercise in self-promotion on n'dour 's part . he wants to play his own music , jazzed up to some degree and performed in the company of a bunch of musicians he admires . he 's clearly a little embarrassed by this and early in the film obtains the blessings of the curator of the gorée museum . the clash between the different agendas shows through in several other places . for example , somebody obviously felt that it was not possible to tell the story of black music without involving a gospel choir , but n'dour and most of his mates are moslems ( a point made repeatedly throughout the film ) . the whole early sequence involving the black christians is uncomfortable and then they disappear from the story until the close harmony group ( the only black christians who can hold a tone ? ) turn up in dakar at the end of the film . ( to be fair , they turn up triumphantly and perform the best piece in the film . ) if the story of black music needs to nod in the direction of gospel , why not also in the direction of latin america ? where are the black musical influences from the caribbean and brazil ? samba ? reggae ? then there 's europe . here the black diaspora does n't seem to have produced any musicians of calibre , since n'dour chooses to draft in austrian guitarist and a trumpet player from luxemburg . are they in the team just because n'dour has played with him before ? what i personally found most irritating , though , was the long sequence which tried to recreate a kind of 60s beatnik/black power/nation of islam cultural happening in the new york home of amir baraka ( a.k.a . leroi jones ) . hearing people talk about the importance of `` knowing your history '' , and then in the next breath perpetuating ignorance . why do so many african-americans believe that taking an arabic name is an assertion of their african roots ? and why do they think arabic islam is so much more admirable than european christianity ? who do they think established the trade in african slaves in the first place ? the film does n't have much to say about the situation in west africa today beyond the platitude that `` present conditions '' are a consequence of all the brightest and best having been shipped away for 300 years . the senegalese appear to be a poor but happy , musical gifted folk , friendly and welcoming , respectful of their elders ( and not above fleecing the visiting americans in the fish market ) . is this ethnic stereotyping or just my imagination ? there is no comment on the armed guard that n'dour and the camera crew seem to need in the opening sequence as they walk through the streets of dakar . there is also a strong implication in the film that the slaves who were taken from dakar came from dakar . the similarity between the folk drumming style of new orleans and the folk drumming style of senegal is cited in evidence . the last thing the slaves heard before they were shipped away was the drumming of their homeland , bidding them farewell . except , of course , that by and large , the slaves shipped from dakar did not come from dakar . they were captured or traded from the interior by the coastal senegalese and sold to merchants of whichever european power currently held the gorée slave fort . the people of dakar are not the descendents of africans who escaped the slave trade , they are just as likely – more likely – to be descendents of the people who sold their black brethren into slavery and exile . the two agenda 's clash again in the final part of the film . there are two separate endings . on the one hand , the concert which n'dour and co have been rehearsing and preparing along the way and which they deliver in the courtyard of the gorée slave fort . the other end comes when the harmony harmoneers sing the spiritual `` return to glory '' , in the seaward doorway of the slave fort . this is deeply moving , even if it is hard to believe the performance is quite as spontaneous as it appears . this is a film that is flawed . unclear of the story it is trying to tell and tugged in different directions . irritating , confusing , beautiful and emotional by turns . watch it ( listen to it ) for the music and the feeling , but do n't expect enlightenment or intellectual rigour .
action , violence , sex and coarse language are the things that the characters do during the whole movie . and everything they do is done without reason . mark l. lester is ( un ) known for his violent ( without reason ) movies ( commando , the base ) . the story is weird but stupid . the actors play their stupid characters very well ... i 'm not telling they are stupid but i mean they are very bad actors . it 's another low-budget unknown b series action movie . if you saw something like operation delta force , drive , the patriot , sanctuary or something like these bad movies from the same kind than misbegotten ... do n't rent it ... and , by the way , do n't rent any of the movies i mentioned .... i give it 1and a half out of5 .
sheesh ! what a dreadful movie . dodgy camera work , a script with more corn than kellogg 's , and acting so hammy you could open a pig farm with it . to cap it all , it does n't know which audience to aim at - we have cornel wilde - or is that corny wilde ? - getting on his soap box about the hazards of smoking any time someone lights a cigarette , dear oh dear , and in another awkward scene we have the baddie , lobo , forcing his , ahem , if you will , 'male friend ' to do a striptease dressed in a bikini . try explaining that one to the kids ... throw in an overly contrived treasure island-cum-jaws type storyline , and the result is a film so unintentionally funny , it 's enjoyable - i should n't expect a special edition dvd any time soon , though .
am not familiar with the trilogy but came upon this film last night on showtime . the film looked very well done with the set design and the cinematography , but the screenplay was stilted and wooden . the acting was fairly bad- thought the two female leads were serviceable . you never really believed anything the supporting actors said though . there were the stereotypes- bible-thumping reverend without a hint of nuance , authoritative captain , hot-headed soldier , etc . i am sorry to say that based on these deficiencies i clocked it straight away as canadian without knowing it to be such-the telefilm canada end credits gave it away . i know i 'm a horrible person . maybe i missed something in the beginning but the hostility towards the girls is never explained . here they are besieged in a fort by werewolves and the men are wasting time and energy brutalizing two young women for no reason . focus people . there 's a bit more of a pressing situation beyond your walls than whether or not these girls are lesbians-that 's just my inference for the hostility directed towards them . if they can aim and fire a gun you might as well make nice with them . the question of their `` immortal soul '' can be resolved later . also , i guess this relates to the rest of the trilogy , these girls are supposed to be the protagonists ? one of them murdered the indian guy at the end that saved one of their lives . i guess one is just a victim of her condition who ca n't be necessarily blamed for her actions , but the other is just a murderer who does n't deserve her happy ending .
at first look of the plot tagline i figured it could have been a decent film . could i have ever been more wrong ? the beginning of the film makes it look like a bunch of freaks got together and decided to make a low budget film . for the first 10 minutes you do n't notice the cheesy acting , horrible sound and god-awful special effects , but then it gets worse . just about 20 minutes into it i was asking myself , `` what was the plot again ? '' i could only ask that question when i was n't busted out laughing from the sheer lameness of this film . the main actor has one setting for emotions and he sticks to it throughout the entire film , even though he was supposed to go through love and hate and everything in-between . the flashback scene almost made me vomit because it made me re-live one extra minute of footage from earlier in the movie . now we hit the middle of the film where they are obviously trying to rip off morpheus from `` the matrix , '' although he is doing just a horrible job . the actor 's talking about `` star wars '' and fortune cookie phrases is almost unbearable . now at the end of the movie you do n't realize that it 's the end of the movie because you actually think the plot is finally developing . the `` morpheus '' character dies , the only good thing about the movie . he utters a couple words and the credits roll . what is this ? no plot , bad acting , cheesy everything , it could n't get any worse . please , if you value human decency , do not watch this movie !
thanks for killing the franchise with this turkey , john carpenter and tommy lee wallace . this movie sucks on so many levels it 's pathetic . the first vampires was fun , but this low budget retread makes me yawn . jon bon jovi ( the poor man 's kevin bacon ) drives around mexico with a surfboard housing a hidden compartment holding his vampire killing gear ala antonio banderas 's guitar case in desperado . he picks up some lame `` hunters '' along the way ( including an annoyingly feminist infected girl who takes pills to keep from turning into a vampire ) , and they set out to stop some female master vampire who is given no backstory and so we could care less about her or her quest ( to walk in the sunlight by stealing the black cross and performing a ritual to allow her to do so ) . if you 've seen the first vampires , you 've already seen this , and done much better . john carpenter has been responsible for a lot of bad movies lately . frankly , i think he 's past his prime and incapable of making another horror classic . the only decent film he 's done since they live ( 1987 ) is vampires . everything else is complete crap , right up until the unbelievably cheap looking and retarded ghosts of mars ... and now this waste of celluloid . where are more greats like assault on precinct 13 , halloween ( 1 ) , escape from new york and the thing ? carpenter crony wallace proves he ca n't write his way out of a paper bag with his paper-thin script packed with yawns , groans and recycled gags from the original . did i mention i hated every character in the movie ? there was not a single memorable character in the whole film . how does that happen ? this film has nothing to recommend it . not even the dvd presentation is good ; the menu looks awful . by comparison , jason x : `` friday the 13th in space '' was a masterpiece . now that is how you make a sequel and ( re ) energize a franchise , ladies and germs , as well as create an exciting dvd menu .
given the people involved , it is hard to see why this movie should be so messed up and dull . the writer , david ward , wrote the amazing caper film `` the sting '' two years later , jane fonda had just won an academy award for klute , and donald sutherland had just done excellent work in films like `` klute , '' `` start the revolution without me , '' and `` kelly 's heroes . '' plotwise , the movie is a caper tale , with a small gang of bumbling misfits planning a big heist . at the same time the movie wants to be hip satire , a series of comedy sketches of the type that the nbc television show `` saturday night '' would do so well two years later . the bad result is that the plot makes the comedy bits seem awkward and forced and the disconnected comedy bits destroy any kind of suspense that the heist might have . it is quite literally a movie that keeps smashing into itself , just as the cars in the cars in the demolition scenes run into each other . the only real interest for me was watching jane fonda . her `` iris caine '' is supposed to be a light hearted version of her dramatic bree daniels prostitute character in `` klute '' yet , one does n't believe her for a moment . it is always jane fonda pretending to be a prostitute that we are watching . it is as terrible a performance as her performance in `` klute '' was terrific . it would be a good lesson for acting teachers to run the two films together to show how the same actress in the same type of role can be great or pathetic . it suggests that actors are only as good as their writers and directors .
this movie was pretty absurd . there was a few funny parts . its goes right in to the bin of movies in my memory where i think , `` hmm ..... that movie had a few funny parts , but overall , pretty ridiculous plot ( or lack of ) . '' i thought it seemed like ben was trying a little too hard to be a cooky funny guy . and i did n't understand how he was a self made multi-millionaire and still such an idiot . anyways , i like ben affleck . he makes some crap , but hey , i can forgive him . i mean , i liked jersey girl , i did n't think gigli was all his fault , i like him overall . i guess he 's kinda like the kid you feel sorry for cuz he just ca n't seem to get it right . my advice would be to avoid this flick . it did n't really develop in to a workable plot and catherine o'hara and jimmy g. were n't used as well as they could have been . they deserved better . overall , this movie is not home alone , it 's not a christmas story , its not christmas vacation or any of the other classics . forever forgettable .
from everything i 'd read about the movie , i was excited to support a film with a christian theme . everything about the movie was very unprofessionally done . especially the writing ! without good writing a movie does n't have a chance . the writer/director said in an interview that he did n't want to give away how the title relates to the story . believe me , it was no big surprise . i kept waiting for the teenage/young adult back-story to unfold , but it never did . as someone who has gone through a divorce , i was very disappointed . this movie would have been no comfort to me when i first went through the emotional turmoil that divorce can bring to your life as a christian !
she may have an oscar and a golden globe , but this film shows why she also is a perennial razzie nominee . to do a film that is so bad must be an indication that she needs money . she could do ads on why you should n't talk on a cell phone while driving , especially at night on the way to a crowded mall . susan montford should stick to producing ( shoot 'em up ) as she is not very good as a writer/director . she is accosted by four thugs in the mall parking lot , and the first thing they do is tell her they have a gun . what does she do ? she starts pushing and cursing them like she knows martial arts or something . she manages to get away , but gets lost in the forest after crashing . why did n't she run to someones house ? we get four thugs with guns chasing a lady with a toolbox . of course , their guns are no match for her wrench . ha ! of course , she also has a tire iron and a screwdriver . those poor thugs . now , she 's home for christmas - and she brought a gun !
this is is a thoroughly unpleasant , if slickly made , movie . i tried it because it stars richard dreyfus and jeff goldblum , two good actors , and because the plot line - a mob boss is about to be released from a mental institution - sounded promising . the movie is billed as a comedy , sorta . what we have is an endless series of shots - you should pardon the pun - of people in dimly lit and elegant , if somewhat surreal , interiors , shooting each other - in the head , stomach , kneecap , foot , heart ( no part of the anatomy is avoided , it seems ) while uttering vague and cryptic dialogue , some of which is supposed , evidently , to be humorous in a sort of post-modern way . goldblum 's dialogue for the whole movie could fit on a 3x5 card , and he wears a single facial expression - a sardonic grin - throughout . ellen barkin and gregory hines do the best they can . burt reynolds does a cameo . the credits list rob reiner and joey bishop , but i somehow missed them ( good move on their part ) . the whole thing is cold , sterile , mechanical and unsavory ; an heir , i suspect , to the style of 'pulp fiction ' , 'fargo ' and 'natural born killers ' . if you liked those , you 'll probably like this .
many people see this as a classic , but i obviously must have missed something . life in anarene , texas in the early 50 's is pretty dull - which means that a movie about life in anarene , texas in the early 50 's will be pretty dull too ! what is it that so many people see in this ? once the last picture show in anarene closes there really wo n't be anything to do in town . duane ( jeff bridges ) makes that point at the end of the movie . but even before it closes there is n't much to do , so basically everything revolves around sex . high school students make plans for how to lose their virginity - sometimes with each other and sometimes with some of the equally bored adults in town . you see , there 's not much for them to do either - except to have sex ( sometimes with each other and sometimes with the bored teenagers ) or to whine about the local high school football team . three times something happened that i thought was going to add some spark of drama to the movie . sam ( ben johnson ) dies unexpectedly , but nothing really happens because of that , sonny ( timothy bottoms ) and jacy ( cybill shepherd ) elope , but nothing really happens because of that , joe bob ( barc doyle ) kidnaps a little girl , but nothing really happens because of that . the only thing that added anything of dramatic value to the movie came at the end with the death of billy ( sam bottoms ) which really points out the emptiness of life in this pathetic little town , as the men stand around looking at the body debating where to go for breakfast . peter bogdanovic filmed this in black and white , which is intended i suppose to point out how grey this town is , but the only thing i found interesting was the early look at actors like bottoms , shepherd , bridges and randy quaid . ( as an aside it was terrifying to see how much quaid - in 1971 - actually looks like his character of cousin eddie in the national lampoon vacation movies . ) classic ? i do n't think so ! 3/10
while this film certainly does possess the stench of a bad film , it 's surprisingly watchable on several levels . first , for old movie fans , it 's interesting to see the leading role played by dean jagger ( no relation to mick ) . while jagger later went on to a very respectable role as a supporting actor ( even garnering the oscar in this category for 12 o'clock high ) , here his performance is truly unique since he actually has a full head of hair ( i never saw him this way before ) and because he was by far the worst actor in the film . this film just goes to show that if an actor can not act in his earlier films does n't mean he ca n't eventually learn to be a great actor . another good example of this phenomenon is paul newman , whose first movie ( the silver chalice ) is considered one of the worst films of the 1950s . a second reason to watch the film is the shear cheesiness of it all . the writing is bad , the acting is bad and the special effects are bad . for example , when jagger and an unnamed cambodian are wading through the water , it 's obvious they are really just walking in place and the background is poorly projected behind them . plus , once they leave the water , their costumes are 100 % dry ! ! ! horrid continuity and mindlessly bad dialog abounds throughout the film -- so much so that it 's hard to imagine why they did n't ask bela lugosi or george zucco to star in the film -- since both of them starred in many grade-z horror films . in many ways , this would be a perfect example for a film class on how not to make a film . so , while giving it a 3 is probably a bit over-generous , it 's fun to laugh at and short so it 's worth a look for bad film fans .
whatever the merits of the film , it is poorly researched . as others have pointed out , the movie shows locals in iran speaking in arabic , rather than persian . that is enough to lose credibility for anyone who has the slightest knowledge of the area or the country . the landscape could not be more different from the actual . other factual errors : a train is shown to be operating in afghanistan , while afghanistan does not have railways . the turkish ambassador is wearing a fez ( the red hat ) , whereas the fez was banned by turkey much before the time in which the movie is set . the turkish ambassador 's daughter is actually dressed as an indian , and indian classical music is playing in the background in many scenes . i suppose the filmmakers meant to show an exotic woman , and sari was what they decided would make her exotic .
this was an atrocious waste of my time . no plot . the acting was so far below par , it should be used as an exemplar in acting classes of what not to do . it is merely a commercial rip-off of the earlier universal soldier , which also scrapes the bottom of the acting barrel . its sad that vd needs to assert his ego every few years , and sadder still that people will pay good money to sit thru it . this kind of schlock gives martial arts movies a bad name . by comparison , it makes segall , norris , and arnold look almost talented . perhaps vd should take the leslie nielson track and do send-ups of his genre . at least then we could be laughing with him instead of at him .
greenaway seems to have a habit of trying deliberately to disgust his viewers . this film opens with incest -- and purposeless , meaningless , casual incest at that . that 's greenaway 's big problem . he prefers parlor tricks to shock over actually doing anything meaningful . technical skill is n't enough . he 's just a bit perverse for the sake of perversity .
it 's pretty bad when the generic movie synopsis has more information than the film itself . the paragraph-long `` plot summary '' written on the movie page has details i could not glean from watching the actual movie . i found myself constantly backing it up to see what details i had just missed which could tell me what the ( bleep ) was going on . alas , to no avail -- this movie leaves out monstrous pieces of the story , if you could call it a story . it 's like they were trying to fool us into thinking that there was some kind of movie here , filming just enough so that there was the resemblance of a story and leaving the rest to our imaginations . newsflash to the the creators : i paid to watch you make a movie . i can sit home and imagine plots and story lines for free . and rosario dawson ? this is somebody i 've never paid enough attention to to be able to put the name to the face , and i can see why . she had one of the most artificial performances i have ever seen for a leading character in any movie , a or b. i figured okay , maybe she did n't really want the role , just got a hefty offer for a movie she was n't into ? wrong . she was listed as one of the producers . next time you produce something , do n't book yourself as the lead if you ca n't act . if you really can , then create a decent character for you to become . also , somebody here mentioned the white/latino issue -- yes , i hate to say it , but this movie does come across as an act of vengeance against white college-age males who wear baseball hats . that 's what happens when there is nothing in the movie to endear the watcher to latino characters . the adrian character seems like a cocky jerk who is no better than the story 's antagonist . as for the maya character , she did n't seem like a real person . anyway i 'm ashamed for hollywood that this movie was even made .
he was my hero for all time until he went along with { if you can call it a movie } i went to the show to watch it and come out and not just asking for me money back but asked for double the money thats how bad my hero 's acting and the hole thing was ............. i ca n't believe that steven segal 's career has hit so low that he has been reduced to making 4th rate films with 5th rate secondary actors . i watched this moving expecting to see him beet the crap out of some people the way he usually does . when he is reduced to using a single judo chop between the shoulder blades to take out an opponent and the guy falls like a ton of bricks something is wrong . the plot is unbelievable as a movie , and even if you excuse the visuals , and had read this story as a novel , you 'd be left wondering why you had even picked up the book . steven segal goes through the motions and seems as if he is only doing this because he is under obligation . he shows no effort and no enthusiasm , and in some scenes he does n't show up at all . i hate to repeat other peoples comments , but the use of stock footage for cut scenes and for visuals of the aircrafts in flight is pathetic . the condition of those scenes chopped in , is shaky and scenes themselves seemed to have deteriorated over time . the zappruder film showing president john f kennedy being assassinated is steadier and cleaner . my honest opinion is to tell you not to waste your time seeing this movie , it is not up to the standards of his work in the glimmer man or exit wounds . i read one review that said the movie had a 12 million dollar budget ( segal being paid 5 of that ) and that the movie still came in under budget . i must concur . it is no wonder that this is a direct to dvd movie , as no conscientious theater owner would play this movie .
final score : 0 ( out of 10 ) * * * possible scene specific spoilers ( but who the hell cares ) * * * yes , that 's right : zero . and i rarely give 1 's . even for the lamest of movies i look for things like music , cinematography , imagination , it 's humor , even a good pace to be as objective about the score as possible . looking at it within it 's own genera or subgenera . but there is absolutely nothing redeeming here . i ca n't remember another time a movie actually sent me pacing up and down the room when it was over . the only reason i made it to the end was because i could n't seem to change the channel - i sat there simply aghast , watching to see what insultingly stupid bit it would come up with next . it was like watching a snake digest a rat . but let 's have some fun and pull this baby apart , shall we . first of all , there is nothing technical about `` whipped '' that works . the visuals are all sitcom style . the cut scenes all just pictures of the street traffic going by at night over and over . the music and score , not only does n't contribute anything to the movie - it 's obnoxious . not to mention it does n't have anything to contribute to anyway . the acting is as cardboard as it comes , all around and that goes for amanda peet ( clearly the `` star '' that got this train wreck green-lighted ) too . these guys , supposedly good friends , have no more chemistry or sense of purpose then if director peter m. cohen had rounded them up at a bus station minutes before shooting . on the creative side , there is n't an original bone in it 's body . it has no imagination . it shows us nothing we have n't seen a thousand times before . the whole premise , or `` twist '' , of this movie is based on male-bashing and the `` idea '' that an empowered women can play men `` just as they get played '' . anybody , that thinks this is somehow a twist or is in any way original has obviously never turned on a tv before . twisted , shallow women are common . male-bashing is the norm . it 's not stealing from anything specifically , it 's worse : it 's stealing from clichés . i ca n't imagine a women making a movie that depicted other women based so much on stereotypes and with this sense of contempt . makes me want to go rent `` in the company of men '' - or better yet , `` there 's something about mary '' . this movie wants to be a `` edgier '' version of `` there 's something about mary '' so bad you can see the sweat . the movie has no insights into women , men , dating , sex , or really anything . cohen is simply content to regurgitate myths he has been indoctrinated with from other sexist movies . on the other end , the movie does n't work as a satire either , because even though it is ripe with exaggerations one could view as `` satirical '' it does n't have that grounding in reality that satires need . it does n't even know what it 's satirizing . then there 's the dialogue , which is little more then the characters screaming obscenities at each other . example : character 1 : `` f * * k you '' character 2 : `` oh yeah , well f * * k you '' ( repeat ) and the bottom line , the thing that could excuse all the other discretions : there are a lot of movies without plots , without good acting , with morally repulsive characters and obscenity laced dialogue that have been funny and thus , been good . `` whipped '' ai n't funny . not for a second . it has no comic skills or timing . the situations are all completely phony , not based in any shred of truth , especially enough to wring laughs out of us . the characters all broadly drawn so they will seem relatable to the lowest of the lowest common denominator . just look at `` the marquee scene '' , `` cult classic '' hair gel scene . one of our bumbling anti-heroes opens the medicine cabinet and sees mena ( peet ) 's vibrator . for some reason light shines down on it as if he 's found the holy grail . why cohen thinks men react this way to vibrators i do not know . while he rubs it on himself , he drops it in the toilet and then attempts to fish it out with his bare hands when , oh my , mena walks in on him . oh , my sides . but strangely enough , people actually like this movie . of course , people also like `` friends '' and reality dating shows so i should n't be surprised . all of this has a common thread however . `` whipped '' is big evidence to me that there is just a huge pocket of people in america that will laugh at any joke just because it is about sex . they will like any show or movie ( or think they like it ) just because it is about dating or relationships . it 's lack of any quality has no baring on these people . just as people are indoctrinated to want whiter teeth and thinner bodies to sell toothbrushes and weight loss programs , they are also indoctrinated to blindly lap up anything dating/relationship related to sell them cheap , empty , effortless tv , movies and any number of products . the only consilation will be that when i die , because i saw this movie , i 've got a credit to get 80 minutes of my life back .
* * possible spoilers ahead * * jason ( a.k.a . herb ) evers is a brilliant brain surgeon who , along with wife virginia leith , is involved in the most lackluster onscreen car crash ever . leith is decapitated and the doctor takes her severed noggin back to his mansion and rejuvenates the head in his lab . the mansion 's exterior was allegedly filmed at tarrytown 's lyndhurst estate ; the lab scenes were apparently shot in somebody 's basement . the bandaged head is kept alive on `` lab equipment '' that 's almost cheap-looking enough for ed wood . some of the library music–the movie 's high point–later turned up in andy milligan 's the body beneath . leith 's head has some heavy metaphysical discourses with another of ever 's misfires , a mutant chained in the closet . meanwhile , the good doc prowls strip joints looking for a body worthy of his wife 's gabby noodle . the ending , in uncut prints , features some ahead-of-its-time splatter and dismemberment when the zucchini-headed monster comes out of the closet to bring the movie to a welcome close . this thing took three years to be released and then , audiences gave it the bad reception it richly deserved . between this , plan 9 from outer space and a few others , 1959 should have been declared the year of the turkey .
born , raised , and educated in scotland , i was appalled at this disgusting portrayal of a man who was no more nor less than a cattle rustler . worse yet , the thread of the entire movie was sex in one form or another , by implication or verbally . to view it , one would think that 18th century scotland was populated by a bunch of sex perverts and homosexuals . lange was a joke acting as the `` young '' mother at age 49 but liam neeson was even worse ! taking a `` bath '' in a scottish loch is not commonplace as they portrayed him - but , it did give them yet another opportunity to demonstrate how sexually driven we were . save your money and watch pinnochio .
when this movie was first shown on television i had high hopes that we would finally have a decent movie about world war i as experienced by american soldiers . unfortunately this is not it . it should have been a good movie about wwi . even though it was made for television it is obvious that a real effort was made to use appropriate equipment and props . but the writing and directing are badly lacking , even though the makers of this movie obviously borrowed freely from quite a few well made war movies . war movie clichés abound such as the arrogant general who apparently does not care a flip about the lives of his men . when will hollywood realize that , even though there have been plenty of bad generals , most combat unit generals have seen plenty of combat themselves and are not naive about what the average grunt experiences ? the first part of this movie appeared to be `` paths of glory '' with american uniforms . except that `` paths of glory '' was emotionally gripping . later on there was chamberlain 's charge ( except uphill ) from `` gettysburg '' and even the capture of the american soldier by a ring of enemy soldiers from `` the thin red line '' . but in `` the thin red line '' the soldier was alone when captured . in this movie a ring forms around the new prisoner in the middle of a battle . if this movie used a military adviser they ignored him . even though the actors ( and i never could forget they were actors while watching ) mouthed military tactics i did n't see very much of it . the american soldiers would stand up to be shot while the germans attacked . and the infamous storm troopers , who were apparently blind , appeared to use no tactics whatsoever in their attack . in the real war , the tactics were what made storm troopers so effective . but the silliest scene was the attack of the german flamethrowers . in this scene the german flamethrower operators walked in a broad line towards the defending americans . if that had been real they would never have gotten close enough to use their flamethrowers before they had all been dropped by the defender 's bullets . okay , so most war movies are unrealistic when it comes to the tactics shown . but it is still disappointing . but what really turned me off to this flick was the typical anti-war anti-military angle that movie makers seem to think is important . true , war is hell . but most american soldiers , even though they grumble and gripe , tend to believe in what they are doing and can be rather gung-ho about it . my grandfather served in world war i . and even though he died four years before i was born i have been told how proud he was of his service .
i 've seen all four of the movies in this series . each one strays further and further from the books . this is the worst one yet . my problem is that it does not follow the book it is titled after in any way ! the directors and producers should have named it any thing other than `` love 's abiding joy . '' the only thing about this movie that remotely resembles the book are the names of some of the characters ( willie , missie , henry , clark , scottie and cookie ) . the names/ages/genders of the children are wrong . the entire story line is no where in the book . i find it a great disservice to janette oke , her books and her fans to produce a movie under her title that is not correct in any way . the music is too loud . the actors are not convincing - they lack emotions . if you want a good family movie , this might do . it is clean . do n't watch it , though , if you are hoping for a condensed version of the book . i hope that this will be the last movie from this series , but i doubt it . if there are more movies made , i wish michael landon , jr and others would stick closer to the original plot and story lines . the books are excellent and , if closely followed , would make excellent movies !
a family with dad louis ( dale midkiff ) , mom rachel ( denise crosby ) , 10 year old eileen ( blaze berdalh and about 3 year old gage ( miko hughes ) move to this beautiful house in maine -- seemingly unaware of the semis that roar down the highway in front of their house every 90 seconds or so ! the neighbor across the way ( the wonderful fred gwynne ) makes them feel at home ... and shows them a pet cemetery where children bury their pets . but a little further on is a sacred ground which can bring the dead back to life ... but the dead come back in a nasty mood . `` `` definite spoilers * * the novel by stephen king was good -- it was long but it developed characters and situations that made you care what happened . this movie jettisons all the character development and just plays up the gore and violence . animals are killed on camera ( i know it 's faked but it 's still repulsive ) ; a little boy is hit by a semi and his casket pops open during the funeral ( in a totally sick scene ) ; he 's brought back to life and attacks and kills people including his mom ( i do wonder how a 3 year old was able to hang her ) ; a ghostly jogger ( do n't ask ) tries to help the family for no reason ... the movie just works the audience over shoving every gruesome death or violence into your face . it just goes out of its way to shock you . * * end spoilers * * acting is no help . midkiff is just dreadful as the father -- he 's handsome and buff but totally blank . crosby is n't much better . the two kids are just annoying . only gwynne single-handedly saves this picture with his effortless good acting . this picture shows a total contempt for the audience taking large leaps in logic and having characters do incredibly stupid things ( especially midkiff at the end ) . this movie was ( inexplicably ) a huge box office hit in 1989 which led to the even worse sequel in 1992 . i saw it in a theatre back then and was disturbed how the audience kept cheering on the violence and was just appalled by what i saw . a sick repulsive horror film . a 1 all the way . when you think it 's all over and ca n't get worse the ramones sing a title song ! ! ! ! ! ! ( `` i do n't wan na be buried in a pet cemetery '' ) . truly beyond belief .
like with any movie genre , there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies . if you asked me to name a good gangster movie , i 'd have dozens to choose from . if you asked me to name a bad gangster movie , probably the first one to pop up in my mind is one that still has me in a sort of depression of disappointment about a week since i saw the film for the first and i promise you , the last time . that film is `` the general '' , unrelated to the 1926 silent film of the same name . this is a very dry , very slow gangster epic that raises questions not about the story ( it 's more than easy to follow ) but about why the filmmakers chose to make this rather flimsy endeavor . like `` goodfellas '' ( 1990 ) and `` american gangster '' ( 2007 ) —two superior mob movies— '' the general '' is based on real people and true events . the film revolves around an irish criminal named martin cahill ( brendan gleeson ) who started his long chain of crimes stealing food as a teenager and then moving up to robbing museums and houses as an adult . meanwhile , the police led by an inspector named kenny ( jon voight ) try desperately and vigorously to prove just one of his crimes and convict ( or kill ) him . perhaps because it 's a film in the same category as the marvelous `` goodfellas '' ( 1990 ) and the first two `` godfather '' films , i was expecting too much from `` the general . '' but that may be going too easy on it . this would have been a bad film had i not seen the aforementioned masterpieces before being swamped by boredom in this oater and its far-too-stretched running time of screaming bad scenes . let 's start knocking the film by just looking at the style in which it is presented . for some reason , director john boorman and cinematographer seamus deasy selected to film this movie in black-and-white while its style and presentation are clearly the elements that belong to a full-fledged color film . now i have nothing against b/w pictures , not even ones made in modern-day times . `` schindler 's list '' ( 1993 ) was more than ninety percent filmed in black-and-white and it 's a masterpiece . `` the general '' , made just five years after `` schindler 's list '' is not . the cinematography is also far too blown out with high lighting keys that seem very distracting and give the movie a very video-game-like quality that i found simply annoying . the filmmakers were obviously going for a realist 's documentary-like style , like `` schindler 's list '' did , but they fail by making it seem too much like a documentary and at the same time , too much like a classic-style motion picture . performances in the film range from passable to poor . brendan gleeson and jon voight gave decent enthusiasm for their roles , but it seemed to me at times that even they were getting kind of run down by the awful screenplay from which they were quoting . the sound design is also very primitive , probably in an attempt to give it a 40s crime-noir appeal , but that also fails because again , it 's made too much like a contemporary picture and seems vastly out of place . but the worst thing that occurs is that there 's not one—not one—character in the film that i felt any emotions or opinions for . in fact , for every moment of every scene , the only thought going through my head was `` okay so what ? '' moments that in a better film might come across as shocking or appalling are just dull and time-consuming here . i did not sympathize or hate the brendan gleeson character because the way the cahill character is written is simply flat and dull . gleeson just plays the common criminal and does not strike out with the impact the real martin cahill obviously did . if a character is killed off ( as they always are in gangster films ) , we feel nothing . no remorse , no relief , no surprise , nothing . we just say `` so what ? '' and that 's all i did during the entire running time of this very flimsy , very poorly-made crime film .
i think that 's this is awful produced and directed movie . benicio del toro should n't work in production of movies , he should put accent on his acting and that 's it . steven soderbergh missed the whole point of the idea about revolution , about it 's ideals , and most important about life of che guevara and so on . camera is awful , like someone with 2 day working experience is shooting with it , music is ... i do n't know .. is there some music in the movie ? ? ? ? i will not recommended this piece of sh .. to no one . it 's just wasting about 4 hours in front of the tv or whatever .... i ca n't figure out how can someone rate this movie more than 3 stars . disaster .... disaster .... disaster .... disaster do n't watch please . save yourself from this misery of `` movie ''
what do you get when you have bad acting , bad directing , scenes that are excruciatingly long , terrible lighting , painful editing , and awful effects ? you get jessica : a ghost story seems its shot on betacam , which is fine , but the lighting has to compliment this medium . in this case it does not . there are a few cu 's where the person 's face is entirely in shadow . one scene in particular is the scene at the psychiatrists . it 's a joke if you ask me . some of the scenes were so long that they could have easily been cut in half ... but i guess then they would n't have a film at feature length . the main character is incredibly flat . he 's the lead male , so he should have some `` hero '' elements to his character , but he does not . he whines and is scared the entire film . i could go on , but i do n't want to waste my time . although the lighting was terrible , i must say that they did have nice camera movement . too bad the lighting did n't compliment it . the cover of the dvd is nice , and that 's where it ends . just terrible .
another of my delves into the bargain bin , this movie gave me exactly what i expected - a load of trashy horror complete with screaming ladies . it all started so well - i liked the little intro with the `` newsreel '' about the young couple being exposed to a nuclear blast , and was totally absorbed right up until the first person caught fire ... from then onwards the film descended into outright silliness , and at times became almost embarrassing to watch . when the heroine turned out to have been afflicted with the same condition as the main character ( the ability to light one 's own farts without the aid of a match ) it seemed almost as if someone had thrown the idea in at the last moment ( `` that 'll be good ! '' you can almost hear them say ... ) as for the almost psychic link between the main character and the nuclear power plant , well ... the movie came across as cheap tat - if you pay more than £1.50 for it you 've been done .
i figured that any horror film with orson welles in it would be weird . necromancy sure was but it was a little too weird for it 's own good . the film does indeed have a creepy feel as it deals with a coven of satanists/witches in a small town and a young woman 's attempt to escape them . the director though seems to be deliberately trying to confuse the audience by using flashbacks and dream sequences . by the finale , there are too many unanswered questions . what 's worse , as the story is so confusing , it 's pretty hard to root for any of the characters . it seems odd that welles would agree to headline this film especially since he does n't have that much to do . maybe someday they will put out a tape of the outtakes and bloopers from this movie . now that would really be fun !
first , i am not really a fan of the whole `` things eating flesh in disgusting new ways '' genre of film but i am a bad movie afficionado so my next door neighbor said he had the worst movie ever . this one . so we start watching it . first and foremost - it is recorded on a camcorder sans tripod ! second the voice of the skinny white doctor is dubbed by a large black man ! third , none of the dialogue makes any sense . fourth , the zombie scenes , though unconvincing and chockful of poor makeup and tomato paste , lead me to believe the director ( and my next door neighbor ) are in need of psychological help . it 's funny for about 5 minutes but it gets old fast . it 's so amateurish it 's like watching a poorly dubbed high school video yearbook .... with zombies . a note to anyone involved with this movie - i want the 20 minutes of my life i spent watching this , before i fell asleep , back .
i came to new port south expecting a surrogate movie about the columbine school massacre similar to gus van sant 's elephant and certainly the synopsis in the tv guide stating that a student sociopath rebels against the system did give me that impression but this is a very boring movie where little happens so consider yourself warned the story is about maddox , a chicago high school student who decides to strike back at what he perceives to be an authoritarian regime . the major problem is that the character is underwritten and the actor who plays him blake shields is unable to embellish any script deficiencies . you have the gut feeling that maddox should have the evil charisma of hitler , saddam or bin laden but he never comes across as anything more than a petulant truculent teenager and it 's impossible to believe he could rally any disciples . the subtext of you overthrow one manipulative authoritarian regime only to replace it with another manipulative regime is too obvious which means new port south is an entirely unconvincing drama that 's not worth going out of your way to see
this is one of those films that i could only sit through once . charlotte henry is fine -- in fact , all the actors were fine . the problem was in the script , the dialog , the direction , the editing , the sets and the special effects . granted , this was 1933 , but it really creaked . part of the problem is that actors like richard arlen , gary cooper , w.c. fields and cary grant are not recognizable ( there faces cried for a recognition that was not forthcoming ) . the movie just clumped along with no cohesion . much of lewis carrols spirit , humor and continuity are missing . what a pity ! it 's such a great book . i would recommend disney 's 1951 version .
in the unlikely case that some aspiring directors are reading these comments , i 'd like to offer some advice ( free of charge ! ) , from a viewer 's perspective . if you want to make a serious exotic adventure film , do it . if you want to make a spoof of exotic adventure films , go ahead . do not try to make both at the same time , it does n't work . for example , having a goofy `` comic relief '' character killed and beheaded and following it up with a monkey shaking a tree and dropping a coconut on a cannibal 's head just makes you look like you had no idea what kind of movie you wanted to make . this one is boring , meandering , cheap , racist .... you get the picture . a couple of smart moments and a few glimpses of nudity from kathy shower ( way too prissy here ) are hardly worth your trouble . there is a reason everyone has forgotten about this film 's existence . ( * 1/2 )
i really liked zb1 . really , i did . i have no problem with extremely low-budget movies , and i have enjoyed movies with worse production values than zb3 ( if you can imagine such a thing . check out 'wiseguys vs. zombies , ' if you 're interested ) . indeed , i prefer lower budget zombie films , because i am suspicious that hollywood directors do not understand what zombies are 'about . ' but zb3 was just so bad . it was retarded . i do n't want to bother being dignified in my criticism . i want my 90 minutes back , etc . except that it really only took ~80 minutes , because partway through i put it into 1.4x fast forward . okay , here 's some criticism . 1 . the pacing was terrible . everyone talked in monologues . even when someone just had a single line , the camera work and the editing and the insertion of a bunch of f-bombs into every sentence made the line feel like a monologue . at first i was excited about the 90 minute running time compared to zb1 's 70 minutes , but there were actually fewer 'events ' in zb3 . it 's all talking . 2 . the gore effects got stupider . just glop rubbed around on people 's tummies . 3 . despite the epic exposition , there really was n't a plot . and the exposition is indeed epic ! i wo n't spoil it , if you 're going to watch it . ( do n't watch it . ) but then , it 's just a bunch of lame characters walking around and bickering for ~80 minutes . or fewer , if you so choose .
alan alda plays real-life `` sports illustrated '' writer george plimpton , who was once invited to join the detroit lions football team as an honorary member . rather wan , uncompelling drama curiously tempered with fantasy . director alex march takes an interesting tack on this material , shooting it in a quasi-documentary fashion ( with macho commentary ) and yet giving the tale a touch of capraesque whimsy ; still , by bringing out the cinematic flashiness in this set-up , he turns the main narrative into a jumble . alda 's smug , uncharismatic performance is another handicap , though the supporting cast is filled with real-life pro-athletes ( and scintillating lauren hutton as alda 's girlfriend -- how 's that for a fantasy ? ) . * 1/2 from * * * *
one of those classics , held up next to `` deep throat '' and `` behind the green door . '' sure , it was clever , but the female lead is n't that attractive and sex is n't that hot . but if not for this film , porn would not have blossomed into what it is today . harry reems was the ron jeremy of his day . worth a look if you 're a fan .
it was pointed out in a now deleted post from another imdb user that anyone who might see `` the medusa touch '' should be warned about a scene that 's eerily reminiscent of the sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks in nyc . but i hope anyone reading this will consider this warning . despite an interesting pedigree ( producer elliott kastner produced `` harper '' and `` the long goodbye '' ; co-producer arnon milchan co-produced the oscar-nominated `` l.a . confidential '' and screenwriter john briley won an oscar for `` gandhi '' ) and an international cast , i found `` the medusa touch '' to be a heavy-handed , unintentional laugh riot . it was a poorly directed , horribly written and acted mess . it tried to capitalize on the 70s telekinetic thrillers genre . the movie fails on many counts . please consider `` carrie '' and the underrated `` the fury '' ( both directed by brian depalma ) . they were two entertaining and exciting thrillers that dealt with the same subject matter .
it 's not just the plot alone that makes this movie an instant turn-off for bored audiences . it 's the terrible direction with a horrible script and mistakes left and right that makes this too agonizing to watch . i 'm sorry but i do not see the 'fun ' in this . just the thrill of pointing the many mistakes and stupid one-liners . well i 'm wondering how dumb the directors think of their producing company when this movie was first introduced . probably as dumb as that sheriff who dove into the pickup truck full of antifreeze with a gaping bloody wound . oops ! did i forget to mention this sheriff 's not only a poor actor but also can shrug off an impalement with a load of antifreeze drenching the exposed flesh ? i guess he kind of forgot when he won a not-so-thrilling victory over the snowman .
how viewers react to this new `` adaption '' of shirley jackson 's book , which was promoted as not being a remake of the original 1963 movie ( true enough ) , will be based , i suspect , on the following : those who were big fans of either the book or original movie are not going to think much of this one ... and those who have never been exposed to either , and who are big fans of hollywood 's current trend towards `` special effects '' being the first and last word in how `` good '' a film is , are going to love it . things i did not like about this adaption : 1 . it was not a true adaption of the book . from the articles i had read , this movie was supposed to cover other aspects in the book that the first one never got around to . and , that seemed reasonable , no film can cover a book word for word unless it is the length of the stand ! ( and not even then ) but , there were things in this movie that were never by any means ever mentioned or even hinted at , in the movie . reminded me of the way they decided to kill off the black man in the original movie version of the shining . i did n't like that , either . what the movie 's press release should have said is ... '' we got the basic , very basic , idea from shirley jackson 's book , we kept the same names of the house and several ( though not all ) of the leading character 's names , but then we decided to write our own story , and , what the heck , we watched the changeling and the shining and ghost first , and decided to throw in a bit of them , too . '' 2 . they completely lost the theme of a parapyschologist inviting carefully picked guest who had all had brushes with the paranormal in their pasts , to investigate a house that truly seemed to have been `` born bad '' . no , instead , this `` doctor '' got everyone to the house under the false pretense of studying their `` insomnia '' ( he really invited them there to scare them to death and then see how they reacted to their fear ... like lab rats , who he mentioned never got told they are part of an experiment ... nice guy ) . this doctor , who did not have the same name , by the way , was as different from the dedicated professional of the original movie as night from day . 3 . in direct contrast to the statement that was used to promote both movies `` some houses are just born bad '' , this house was not born bad but rather became bad because of what happened there ... and , this time around , nel gets to unravel the mystery ( shades of the changeling ) . the only problem was , the so-called mystery was so incoherently told that i 'm sure it remained a mystery to most of the audience ... but , then there was no mystery in the first place ( not in the book ) , because the house was bad to begin with . it 's first `` victim '' died before ever setting eyes on it . 4 . the way the character of luke was portrayed was absolutely ridiculous . he was supposed to be a debonair playboy who was someday to inherit the house ( and was a true skeptic of it 's `` history '' ) ... and in this one he was just a winey-voiced , bumbling nerd who could n't sleep ( insomnia remember ) and was a compulsive liar . 5 . i was also annoyed with the way the movie jumped from almost trying to recreate original scenes word for word ( the scene with nel 's sister 's family , and mrs. dudley 's little opening speech ... ) to going off into flights of fancy that made me think more of these other movies than the haunting . it 's like it could n't make up its mind what it wanted to do . 6 . i missed nel 's narrative through the whole movie . the original was so like a gothic novel in the way that the story was mostly told in the first person , through nel 's eyes , and we always were privy to her thoughts . that totally unique touch was completely lost in the new version . they also tried to make nel much more of a heroine . the original nel was not a bad person , but she was a bitter person ( could she be otherwise after sacrificing 11 years of her life to a selfish old woman and a spiteful sister ? ) and she liked to moan , and she lost her temper ... this one was almost too good to be true . this was never more apparent than in the climax of the movie where the writer 's had obviously been watching ghost one too many times . 7 . they changed the history of the house and it 's occupents too much . there was no abigail crain ( the daughter of hugh whose legend loomed large in the original versions ) , there was no `` companion '' , and there was no nursery . there was also no `` grace '' ( wife of the original doctor ) and hugh crain 's wives died in totally different ways . these changes , changed the story way too much . i do n't know whether the producers of this movie should be glad shirley jackson no longer walks this earth or whether they should ... be sorry ( if ya get my drift ! ! ! the hauntings she could envision are not something to be trifled with ! ! ! ) . in conclusion , let me just leave you with some words from the original luke ( appropriate substitution of the word `` house '' for `` movie '' ! ) : `` this 'movie ' should be burnt to the ground , and the ground sprinkled with salt ! '' my favorite movie of all time remains so . no competition from this one .
the movie started off strong , ll cool j ( deed ) as an undercover police officer , with partner sgt . lazerov ( dylan mcdermott from the practice , possibly miscast as a bad guy ? ) committing robbery and murder . deed refuses to kill the drug dealer , which sets up the conflict of a dirty cop with a conscience . the other big names ( freeman , spacey et al ) are well cast and the movie shows promise . the movie begins to fall short as soon as justin timberlake ( pollack ) is introduced . given the opportunity to make a good movie that people will possibly see repeatedly , or one that teenage girls will go and see the once because of timberlake , i would choose the former . even talented actors have to work hard at their craft ; timberlake is not talented and no amount of hard work can save him . i would have thought he would put on a better show , given the fact that he has been acting talented for years . everything he did in this film was unconvincing . just because a singer sells millions of records and sells out stadiums , it does not automatically translate that they can act successfully in feature films . even hardcore n'sync fans will not be able to ignore the obvious lack of acting talent . that aside there are a few plot holes , such as pollack 's sudden sniper ability and deadly operation of warehouse machinery . this movie had so much promise . thoroughly disappointing .
half the reviews were good so i took a chance for $ 10 . sure priscilla barnes had some sex talk but it was n't much . the whole plot later that she may be the other actress mother & the documentary maker falling for the young woman is stretching it . its not funny its not that raunchy its not much of anything but a waste of time . boogie nights was based on real people that were in the adult industry this is based on nothing that ever happened in the industry . it could have shocked with whats popular today in adult films mocking todays gonzo videos and that big orgy that they had 5 minutes to shoot what a joke a bigger orgy has been done bigger & better decades ago in the early 1970s .
this had high intellectual pretensions.the main lead intends to give a `` deep '' `` meaningful '' rendering ( with voice over for his frames of mind naturally ) and he was certainly influenced by the fifties/sixties `` method `` -which , when the script and the direction were worthwhile did give stunning results ( see clift , newman , winters ) .but here the story is abysmal.besides it moves too slow , you could edit at least 20 minutes -including pointless flashbacks-and the plot line would not be changed .at times , it 's very doubtful that bruce dern believes in his `` uncle `` character and his portraying often verges on parody.an interesting side is only skimmed over : the relationship young boy/hero -if we admit that the hero is himself some kind of child- when he says to the young kid that he would let nobody do harm to him , some welcome tenderness emerges.but it 's botched and only the final scene returns to it . word to the wise : take foley 's `` at close range '' instead : it has two great actors ( christopher walken and sean penn together ! ) , it 's also an offbeat movie , but it 's gripping , suspenseful.here my hitchcockometer points sullenly towards zero throughout .
the first 45 minutes of dragon fighter are entirely acceptable and surprisingly watchable . the characters are believable and interesting . the cloning lab looks really high-tech . after that , it all collapses . the characters start behaving idiotically , and a new subplot is introduced from nowhere about a fusion reactor ( and this is supposedly `` present day '' ) going critical , the only plot justification of which is that it is required to kill the dragon - only it does n't . the finish is incredibly weak . one wonders what made a movie that started out so well turn so wrong . all the characters except dean cain are played by russians . this results in some weird situations and details , like the character being played by vessela dimitrova being called `` bailey kent '' despite her heavy accent ( and despite her , on one occasion , inexplicably switching to * spanish * ! ) . because of the decent start , i considered rating this movie a 5 , but it really was more disappointing than that , so i only give it 4 .
i was going to say this was the worst gay-themed film i 've ever seen , but i can honestly say this is the worst film if any genre i 've ever seen . you know you 're in trouble when a movie starts with a `` personal note '' from the director , asking for the audience 's `` understanding '' for the `` many challenges '' facing a first-time director . the audio track is so bad in many scenes it 's almost impossible to follow the dialogue , and this from a dvd version . bad lighting , bad sets , bad photography , poor script , generally bad acting all add up to make this `` film '' unwatchable . i did make it through to the bad ending after several attempts , and immediately gave away the dvd i foolishly purchased . i 'm sure there are many challenges facing a first-time director . but , do n't try to palm off this lame attempt as a finished product . i see from imdb details that this was not only the first directing attempt of richard natale , but also the only . that 's the one positive thing i can say about this alleged `` movie '' .
hey everyone ... there really is n't much to say for this movie at all . the basic plot is that a guy ( brandon ) takes a few friends on a trip to his cabin in the woods for a weekend holiday away from work . after picking up a girl on the way there , things start going badly wrong for all of them . the storyline alone ( written by the actor playing brandon , i believe , although i could be wrong here ) is unlikely and unconvincing , and is acted out accordingly . the `` clown killer '' himself is a rather a sad excuse for a psychotic killer . far from being a dark , mysterious but most of all , intelligent predator , we are instead offered a rather clumsy , nursery rhyme-singing buffoon who appears to be going through a minor mid life crisis . the only thing that warranted the writing of this comment were the sex scenes and whatever gore there was in the film ( the quality of the film led me to derive some enjoyment out of such things ) . in short , this film falls below every possible set standard . admittedly , i was sharing a few beers with a close friend as i watched this , so we managed to scrape together some relative entertainment value out of this film and it is therefore only fair to mention that s.i.c.k did fall just shy of a two rating . however , in reality , ( and with the benefit of hindsight ) the one star rating is a more than legitimate score for this film . 1 star out of ten .
this is not really a proper review since i did not see most of the film . i stopped watching it . the film is very violent , with nasty drug dealers and street punks , but that is not why i stopped watching . here was the problem : i watched just enough to be introduced to several characters , all of whom were not interesting . everyone was a tedious , despicable psychopath , with no engaging personalities , giving me nothing to look forward to . i found myself not the least bit curious about what they would do next or what might happen to them . if there had been even one person of interest , and i do n't mean good or nice person , i mean an interesting person , i could have stayed with it . watch `` state of grace '' to see what i mean . in that film the gary oldman character is a complete lunatic , but he is * very * interesting . al pacino perhaps did a good job in scarface , but his character just did not engage me .
in the autobiographical coming-of-age tale `` romulus , my father , '' eric bana , of `` munich '' fame , plays an impoverished german émigré struggling to raise his son , raymond ( kodi smit-mcphee ) , in rural 1960 's australia . the major obstacle to the family 's stability and happiness is his wife , christina ( franka potente ) , who flagrantly violates her wedding vows by shamelessly shacking up with other men . despite her highly unconventional behavior , romulus refuses to grant her a divorce , masochistically torturing himself in the vain hope that she will one day return to him . it is , unfortunately , the good-hearted and good-natured raimond who must bear witness to all this marital turmoil - and it is his memoir that serves as the basis for the movie ( raimond gaita would later grow up to be an author ) . even though i admire `` romulus , my father '' for what it is trying to do , i ca n't honestly say i enjoyed it , for while the film has some fine performances and serious intentions going for it , these simply are n't enough to counteract the dour storyline and funereal pacing , which leave the audience as despairing and depressed as the people on screen . a serious slice-of-life drama is one thing , but this unremittingly downbeat wallow in adultery , insanity and multiple suicides ( let alone attempted suicides ) is something else again .
envy stars some of the best . jack black , ben stiller , amy poehler , and the great christopher walken . with such a cast , one can only expect the best . however , with `` envy '' , no one could save this disaster . tim dingman ( stiller ) and nick vanderpark ( black ) are best friends and co-workers at a sandpaper factory . both are making a decent living , but because tim has a better performance at work , he 's able to afford more than his buddy nick . nick is a dreamer who 's always coming up with new ideas for inventions . one day , nick comes up with the idea for a spray can that makes dog poop disappear ( yes , i 'm serious ) . falling in love with the idea , nick decides to really invent this product . he makes an offer to tim to invest in his idea and share the profits 50/50 . tim refuses thinking the idea will never work . nick 's invention , titled `` va-poo-rize '' ( again , i 'm serious ) , ends up making millions . he enjoys spending his money on things like a much larger house , a horse , a personal trainer , and fancy deserts . tim starts feeling envy for nick . hence the name of the movie . the concept is n't bad , but it still turns out awful . this movie contains some of the worst dialog and very poor performances from all the cast . then again , as i mentioned earlier , none of them could save this mess . not even the great christoper walken , playing a homeless character named `` j-man '' , made this movie funny . the movie is bad from the start and only continues to get worse . i recommend this movie if : * you like crap ( no pun intended ) * you want to see jack black in a white tux i say , avoid this movie at all costs , but avoid especially if : * you 're offended by bathroom humor * you love animals
an anthology is always risky business and i think this endeavor should be praised . there 's a lot of talent involved here . a great many talented actors , directors and writers . unfortunately , i could n't really enjoy this movie based on three issues i had . first of all , the segments vary incredibly in tone and quality . and unfortunately some of them clash with the others . secondly , several segments feel underdeveloped to me . like seeds of good stories that never come to fruition . i 'm not talking about happy endings here ( or even an ending period ) but rather , they lack even basic development or even solid setups that draw you in . last but not least , i did not feel new-york and its inhabitants were properly portrayed . what you 're left with is high-brow short films that may still be of interest to some but will leave the average viewer unsatisfied .
this , the direct-to-video death rattle of the tremors series , features sixty inspired seconds ( sawblade : you 'll know it when you see it ) and more tedium and filler than you can shake a stick at . tremors 4 was obviously shot on a cripplingly low budget . that means they only had enough special effects mojo for three or four minutes of precious worm-on-human violence , tops . the lackluster , cliche-spouting cast and hackneyed writing ensure that the remaining hour and a half of the tremors 4 experience feels at least fifteen thousand years long . only hardcore tremors fans will be able to sit through , much less enjoy this film . if you are n't among them- do n't bother .
the premise , while not quite ludicrous , was definitely ridiculous . what should have occurred , by the second encounter with tritter was that tritter should simply be wasted . house hires some guy and de-physicalizes tritter . in real life , tritter would have been hauled up for harassment , the rectal thermometer episode would have been exposed in court , providing motive and opportunity and the hospitals lawyers would have made mincemeat out of tritter and the particular department he worked for . he would be in prison as would anyone complicit in the harassment of house , chase , foreman , cameron , wilson and cuddy . the lawsuit would have won house a tasty settlement , enough to keep him supplied with vicadin well into his old age . while tritter would wind up somewhere driving a cab , trying to rehabilitate himself by doing good for people for two years before people tumbled to the fact that they 'd seen it all before .
about the only thing i liked about this film is that there was just enough in it to keep me in my seat to the end ... i kept thinking that maybe in the next scene things would gel ... alas ... those who like gus van sant 's films - especially his later ones - will probably like this . personally , i find van sant 's films to be dull , pretentious and facile . well , he was an executive producer for this film , so it is no surprise that the film could almost have been made by him - although personally i actually liked this better than van sant 's latest efforts ( e.g . elephant ) . contrary to many here , i did not think the film was difficult to understand or disjointed , i thought that above all it is a film that wishes to portray a certain mood - the mood of an adolescent moving slowly into the adult world - but so slowly that the changes are barely visible if at all . but i feel that the problem with the film is that `` mood '' is not enough ... and not only that , but that the mood painted here is , to my mind , incorrectly chosen for the story that is supposedly happening . the dream-like quality , so closely linked to nature , is beautifully captured here , but it is a mood which belongs much more to a much younger child , one who really still does get totally caught up in watching nature unfold ( waves on a beach , grasses and flowers , spiders etc ) . the rhythm of the film reminds me of my summers when i was about eight or nine . there is a languor to the film that is in opposition to what should be a very tense time in an adolescent life . when you are caught up in a crush on someone - or being the object of bullying at school - you are anything but languorous ! there are only two moments that truly worked for me in the film ... spoilers here - first when logan drops the groceries and his mother throws a bit of a fit . the frustrations of an adult dealing with a klutzy kid - especially with no father present - seemed real to me . the second , and only part of the film with any tension to it , were the scenes where `` leah '' ( logan 's re-creation of himself ) phones rodeo and tries to seduce him into phone-sex . the first reason i liked it is because the person who did the voice-over of `` leah '' was the most convincing actor in the entire film . ( it made me think of claire danes from my so-called life ... the voice even sounded like claire . ) she and rodeo had the only scenes that seemed totally believable between the kids . and what i especially liked was the fact that rodeo only pretended to play along ... it was perhaps the best moment in the film as - finally ! - we got some character development . all in all , a somewhat misplaced effort ... we will have to see what he does in his next film before we can really say much about the director 's possible talents . in the meantime , if he can get away from van sant 's influence , it might do him a world of good . who is this director anyhow - one of van sant 's boy toys ?
i 'm not a big fan of slasher flicks as a genre , but even by the standards of low-low-budget exploitation , this one is really lame . even on a nudity-and-gore level , it 's incredibly boring ( there is some of both , but it 's all sort of ... meh ) . before the home video revolution , it might not even have been released theatrically ( though it might have ; after all , * plan 9 from outer space * played in theaters ) . there is precisely one good ( and competently-delivered ) line in the entire movie ; i assume they stole it from somewhere . the acting is among the worst i have ever seen . i mean , even ed wood had a couple of competent actors , and the rest tended to be ludicrously hammy , which can be fun to watch . anyway , most of his actors could pretty much pass as literate . here , those who do n't read their lines like cigar-store indians sound like they learned them phonetically . and this film does have one distinction : it manages to be badly underplotted for most of the movie , then laughably overplotted for the ending . ( update : i should have singled out the actress playing the receptionist as an exception . she is by no means wooden . not that she 's good , but she certainly is n't wooden . ) even the worst slasher flicks are generally good for a few puritan meditations on their grotesque offensiveness , but with this one , there does n't even seem to be anything there to work up a moral outrage about . and you know the funniest thing ? they clearly expected to make a sequel ! it 's so bad and boring that it actually becomes fascinating in a weird way . i sat enrapt through much of the video wondering why anyone would go to the bother of making it .
if you have beloved actors , peter falk , rip torn , george segal , and bill cobbs , you do n't need billy burke , coolio , or any other distractions . massive talent is totally wasted in `` three days to vegas '' , with the blame falling squarely on the script . my neighbor 's vacation films are about as interesting as this misguided road movie . if you want to see how to utilize a veteran cast with a good script , check out `` the crew '' . there really are no redeeming factors here , and watching these wonderful actors struggling with such weak material is a crime . i wanted to like it , but the shallow script cheats the audience , by essentially giving the actors nothing to work with . - merk
after a promising first 25 minutes that makes you feel all warm inside , you 're pretty convinced that this will be a great romantic comedy . then the movie takes a turn for the worse . the warm feeling might still be there , but as others has said : the plot becomes so unbelievable and artificial that it 's almost unbearable to watch . the movie gets sped up , and you get the impression that you 're either fast forwarding through it , or that the producers decided to fit it in less than 1h40m and had to cut a lot of scenes out . realism is n't a goal onto itself , but as a viewer , i 'm pretty convinced that this comedy is n't intentionally unrealistic , it just happens to be . on the plus side , this movie has a couple of nice interiors , and despite the bad script , i think that the actors performances are mainly good . if i could rate the first 25 minutes only , i 'd probably give it an eight . as it is now , it gets a four . ... and that 's being nice ! if you 're a sucker for romantic comedies you 'll probably have a great time anyways . if not , i 'd recommend that you watch something else .
before i start , i _love_ eddie izzard . i think he 's one of the funniest stand-ups around today . possibly that means i 'm going into this with too high expectations , but i just did n't find eddie funny in this outing . i think the main problem is eddie is trying too hard to be eddie . everyone knows him as a completely irrelevant comic , and we all love him for it . but in circle , he appears to be going more for irrelevant than funny , and completely lost me in places . many of the topics he covers he has covered before - i even think i recognised a few recycled jokes in there . if you buy the dvd you 'll find a behind-the-scenes look at eddie 's tour ( interesting in places , but not very funny ) , and a french language version of one of his shows . die-hards will enjoy seeing eddie in a different language , but subtitled comedy is n't very funny . if you 're a fan of eddie you 've either got this already or you 're going to buy it whatever i say . if you 're just passing through , buy glorious or dressed to kill - you wo n't be disappointed . with circle , you probably will .
do you know when you look at your collection of old , videotaped movies , and realize that there are some that you 've only seen once or twice , and you ca n't remember if they 're worth the time it takes to see them ? the alibi is/was one of those films ; i found it , not long ago , and decided i might as well give it a chance . i 'm not entirely sure if i 'm happy with my decision ... on one hand , the film is really , really bad , on the other , now i have another free tape ... yeah , you get it . the plot is predictable and not in any way original . the pacing is bad . the acting is bad , but that 's not really surprising , seeing as the two leads are former soap-opera stars ... they 're used to overact . the characters are poorly written clichés . the film even manages to screw up the easiest damn way to impress me ( through film ) : court scenes . even those do n't elicit one single emotion for or against any of the cardboard-thin characters . the film just has no real redeeming qualities whatsoever ... even the dialog is bad . the thing is , it 's so full of clichés that it 's laughable . and that 's the one thing that lifts this above a rating of 1/10 : the ( albeit unintentionally so ) comic relief of the many clichés and stereotypes . i did n't pay very much attention to the film , but just about every time i looked at the screen , there was something to laugh at . one final note : i considered using the line `` tori spelling ca n't act '' as a one line summary , but i guess everyone knows that , so i opted for the current one , seeing as it 's more informative . all in all , a thoroughly bad film , but not the worst if you 've got nothing else to do and if it 's on tv . good for a few laughs , if you can sit through it . 3/10
this is one of those movies where i wish i had just stayed in the bar . the film is quite frankly boring . what story there is is very flimsy and you pretty much have to guess at it . the film indulges itself with pretentious camera techniques that seem intent on causing migraines and makes it look like a student film . did i say it was boring already ? if all the characters had suddenly died at the end of the movie i would not have cared less as i had no emotional attachment to any of them . there are about 4 good minutes in this movie , but that was about it . this is the first time i have ever considered walking out of a cinema during a performance , but i held on believing that it had to get better . i was wrong . the sort of film you could threaten naughty children with .
being an independent filmmaker and a huge fan of edward d. wood jr . i purchased this documentary believing that this would finally set the record straight on how gifted and brilliant ed wood actually was . what i got was a disappointing self-centered , conflictive , contradictory compilation of bitter self-aggrandizing has-beens . where people do remember ed wood jr. , do people actually remember the second cousin of the guy with the duct tape who knew someone who was in plan nine from outer space ? it appears as though , the very minute there is a renewed interest in ed wood , these people come out of the `` wood '' work ! only to take mean spirited swipes at someone who actually gave them a chance when no-one else would ! after 50 years i would suggest that many of these people should let go of the fact that they did n't get the $ 75 they were promised ! ed wood was a brilliant creative filmmaker who knew how to entertain . in-fact that was all he lived for . you may giggle when you see ed 's films , but somehow you are aware that you are laughing with him , and not at him . but , i digress ... back to the film at hand . if you are expecting a film about edward d. wood jr. , you wo n't get it here . if you want a film about cranky bitter old actors , this is the film for you !
brilliant actor as he is , al pacino completely derails revolution – his method acting approach is totally ill-suited to the role of an illiterate trapper caught up in the american war of independence . much of the blame should be attributed to director hugh hudson ( yes , the man who made chariots of fire just a couple of years earlier – talk about a come-down ! ! ) . one of the many jobs of a director is to marshal the actors , coaxing believable performances from them , but in this case hudson has allowed pacino to run amok without asking for restraint of any kind . it 's not just al 's career-low performance that hinders the film though : there are numerous other flaws with revolution , more of which will be said later . illiterate trapper tom dobb ( al pacino ) lives in the north-eastern region of america with his son ned ( sid owen/dexter fletcher ) . he leads a simple life – living off the land , raising his son , surviving against the elements . the country is lorded over by the english colonialists , but during an eight year period ( 1775-83 ) a revolution takes place which ends with the british being defeated and the independent american nation being born . dobb gets caught up in the events when his boat and his son are conscripted by the continental army – swept away by events they can barely understand , the dobbs finds themselves fighting for their lives and freedom in one bloody engagement after another . tom also falls in love with daisy mcconnahay ( natassja kinski ) , a beautiful and fiery woman of british aristocratic ancestry . their forbidden love is played out against the larger historical context of the fighting . where to start with the film 's flaws ? most key actors are miscast – pacino has been criticised enough already , but kinski fares little better as the renegade aristocrat while donald sutherland is hopelessly lost as a ruthless english soldier with a wobbly yorkshire accent . robert dillon 's script is muddled in its attempts to bring massive historical events down to a personal level . at no point does anyone seem to have decided whether this is meant to be an intimate character study with the american revolution as a backdrop , or an epic war film with a handful of sharply drawn characters used to carry the story along . as a result , the narrative falls into no man 's land , flitting from `` grand spectacle '' to `` small story '' indiscriminately and meaninglessly . john corigliano 's score is quite ghastly , and is poured over the proceedings with neither thought nor subtlety . hugh hudson 's direction is clumsy throughout , both in his mismanagement of pacino and the other key actors , and in the decision to use irritatingly shaky camera work during the action sequences . the idea of the hand-held camera is to create immediacy – that feeling of `` being there '' in the confusion of battle and musket fire . like so many other things in the film , it does n't work . the one department where the film regains a modicum of respectability is the period detail , with costumes , sets and weaponry that look consistently accurate . but if it 's period detail you 're interested in a trip to the museum would be a better way to spend your time , because as a rousing cinematic experience revolution does n't even begin to make the grade . nothing more than a £18,000,000 mega-bomb that the ailing british film industry could ill afford in the mid-1980s .
i agree with most of the columbo fans that this movie was an unnecessary change of format . columbo is a unique cop with unorthodox police methods . this movie looks like a remake of any other ordinary detective dramas from the past . and that is the disturbing point , because columbo is no ordinary detective . there are two parts in this film that left me intriguing . first , i ca n't figure out the title of this movie . it is misleading . maybe a better title would 've been `` the vanishing bride '' or something similar . second , columbo hides a piece of evidence without offering the reason ( to the viewers at least ) why he does it . i do n't feel betrayed , just disappointed . i 'm glad peter falk went back to the usual columbo .
the only thing that the first power really has going for it is that it affords jeff kober an opportunity to play one of his lovely variety of psychotic villains that he 's done so well in the last 25 years . kober is a worthy successor to lyle bettger who specialized in those parts back in the fifties . but it 's not enough , the first power is a souped up slasher flick that has lou diamond phillips wasted as an lapd detective who has a specialty in catching serial killers . kober is his latest catch , but kober 's in league with a lower power and they 're going to team up and make lou 's life miserable for him . even after kober is given the gas chamber , his spirit comes back in all kinds of guises . mykelti williamson is on hand as lou 's partner who meets a nasty end involving a demon possessed horse and tracy griffith as a psychic and elizabeth arlen as a nun with insights are around to help lou . will he succeed in battling forces from beyond ? by the time the film ends , you no longer care . lou really got trapped in a turkey . maybe the devil made him do this film .
it is incredible ! ! .. yes , someone before me wrote that it was a time wasting to seat and watch this film .. it is ! do n't do so ! i 'm totally rankled ! i liked wesley snipes , and i founded funny that he played his name 's meaning in a movie . anyway , i wanted to see this film ( at home only of course ) but now ( just after ) i am absolutely disappointed ! it was his worst movie ever . inwatchable ! ! bad actor-play ! bad cameraman ! bad scenario ! .. only one good think : that wonderful girl ! must be a manikin surely ! eeeeh ! ! mb .. 10 lines minimum ? ! i do n't want to waste you 're time anymore to read my opinion ! i hope , i was clear and under-stable , because english is not my native method of speaking . so have grate time , and see good films , like i try too .. peace !
the acting was horrible and they got both of the sports wrongggg ....... not only did they get the figure skating rules wrong , but also they rules of girls ice hockey . in girls ice hockey you can not check . you also do n't block for someone . not all they girls are disgusting gross mean and big . i play hockey and i 'm only 4'11 and have been asked to go to schools like the one in the movie . also not all hockey players hate figure skaters . a lot of current girls hockey players were once figure skaters themselves . also we skate a lot faster then the ones in the movie . i was embarrassed by the movie it gave people the idea that we suck ....... although i must mention that it is difficult to transition between the sports because of the toe pick on the figure skates ..... also some of those twirly moves katelin was doing on the ice you could n't do in a regular hockey game . she basically tripped the person , which is illigal . its also unrealistic that she would get a hockey scholarship when she figure skates . that really made me angry that scholarship would normally be used to someone who could benefit the team .
it 's kind of fascinating to me that so many reviewers consider this a masterpiece . i am not a dullard as far as quality films go , and i will agree that from a technical filming standpoint , as well as for several of the characters portrayed , the film is in an award-worthy class . but there is no sense ( for me ) of this film actually going anywhere ; i mean , taking the viewer anywhere . it is a series of mood scenes , perhaps remarkable as such , but i want more from a film . i look for story and movement and a fulfillment of arrival , none of which did i find in this film . yes , it might be considered poetry on film . . . but there is much poetry that i can not live with for the same reason : that it paints pictures without going anywhere . one thing further to be said is that it documents a mid-century english childhood , which is necessarily limited in its universality . i was personally appalled at what a young british boy had to live through , in that time and place . having grown up in america just a decade earlier , i can authoritatively say that the contrast is immense . i can not help wondering if this contrast has had some effect on those reviewing the film so favorably . in other words , could there be a tendency to judge the film entirely on its 'filmic magic ' ( which i acknowledge is there ) and completely ignore its lack of relevance to the nature of one 's actual recalled experience ?
omg ! the only reason i 'm giving this movie a 2 instead of a 1 is because tom hanks is funny as an elvis-in-the-box . apart from that , how did this halfway decent cast sign on to do such a lame movie ? ? maybe it seemed like a good idea at the time ... there are no laughs to mention , the stereotypes are pathetic , the cast is wasted , the direction is amateurish . now that i think about it , most of the blame probably lies with the director , joel zwick . he brings out nothing but flat performances from all involved . do n't waste your time like i did ; but then , i enjoy a good train wreck . geez , now the system is telling me i need more lines -- here ya go : this movie should be called return to sender . okay , now that was funnier than anything in the movie ...
claire denis 's movies seem to fall into one of two categories : the violent and bloody or the quiet and intimate . `` l'intrus '' definitely falls into the first category , but it 's not so awful as `` trouble every day '' or `` j'ai pas sommeil . '' now , ever since i saw `` chocolat , '' i 've made it a point to see every new movie denis makes . and i have always been disappointed . `` l'intrus '' was no exception . she has yet to make a movie as personal and as moving as her first one . you get a lot of the denis regulars : an older but still magnificent béatrice dalle who seems to be in the movie only to show off her full lips , the gap between her teeth , her ample cleavage , and a couple of nice coats ; the black guy from `` trouble every day '' and `` j'ai pas sommeil , '' grégoire colin , and that lithuanian or russian girl . michel subor 's character was interesting enough , but the camera lingered on him at such length that i got annoyed by that curly forelock of hair hanging over his forehead and was relieved when , somewhere in korea , i think , he finally got it cut . there was certainly some action -- gruesome murders , a man 's search for a son -- and there may even have been a plot , but one viewing was n't enough to figure it out , and two viewings are , i fear , out of the question . for one thing , the score was jarring and obtrusive ( as in `` beau travail '' ) . for another , the seasons changed too abruptly , leaving you even more confused about what was going on . oh , there were a few pretty shots , and if you liked `` friday evening '' with its shots of the folds in heavy drapes and bedsheets , you might appreciate the aesthetics of `` l'intrus . '' otherwise , steer clear . i saw this movie in french and it 's possible i missed something crucial . but the dialogue in a denis movie rarely amounts to more than five pages , double spaced and with ample margins . in `` chocolat '' the silence is sublime ; in `` l'intrus , '' it 's just dull .
i think this is almost all i need to say . i feel obliged to explain my actions though . i 've basically never seen such an armateur production , and i mean that in all senses of the word . although the physical camera work , boom mic operation and other technical aspects of this film are laughable , unfortunately its not the only areas . unlike some classic independent films that have been saved by their scripts great characterization and plot , this unfortunately has an awful script , awful acting and worst of all , awful annoying characters . it 's a crime that for the every independent film that gets , distribution like haiku tunnel , there 's a 101 other indie films that died silent deaths . i do n't know who the kornbluth brothers know at sony , but that can be my only explanation as to how this amateur family production ever got distribution . i 'm quite bemused as to why they picked this up . the only part of this film that holds out any intrigue is its title . however , the reason for that is even a let down . i hope this review will save a few people that may be intrigued by this films title from going to watch it . i 've seen a lot of films in my time , and i 'm very forgiving when in the cinema , but this was too much . i 'll never forget 'tunnel ' , for marking an important point in my life experience of cinema . shame it 's such a low point .
pretty awful but watchable and entertaining . it 's the same old story ( if you 've lived through the 80s ) . vietnam vets fight together as buddies against injustice back in the states . a-team meets death wish , my favorite ! time goes on , the soldiers go home , and years later a friend is in trouble . no , wait -- in fact , the friend is dead and it is his dad that 's in trouble . our first hero , joey , is killed by an exceedingly horrifying ( super pointy ) meat tenderizer as he tries to defend his father 's small store from the local `` protection '' gang despite being wheelchair bound from the war . desperate for help , the father talks to sarge , the leader of joey 's old unit from vietnam , when sarge shows up for the funeral . well , the squeaky wheel gets the grease , and the old gang saddles up for the city . you can pretty much imagine most of the rest of the movie . the one thing that drove me crazy is that sarge keeps haranguing his men about planning , and about how they 're really good at what they do when they plan ahead . but joey would n't have been put in a wheelchair by a gunshot in vietnam in the first place if the unit had n't been messing around ! then when things are going really well in the city as they battle the gangs , they do it again . for no reason at all , they completely bypass their plan and try to nail the gang without everyone being present . phh ! ! ! ! i raise my hands in disgust . foolishness ! there is also a suspicious moment when all present members of the unit make sure to try out the heroin they snatch from the gang to make sure it 's real . every single one of them . hmm .... what are you going to do ? keep watching , i guess . the movie is n't too horrible to watch , but it is a tease . there are all these climactic moments when nothing actually winds up happening . the most dramatic things that happen are those at the beginning of the movie -- the explosives in vietnam , joey 's death battle , and the gang brutally kicking an innocent teddy bear aside ( poor teddy ! ) . i guess my main beef with this movie is that i feel let down by it . even the confusing subplots with `` mystery helpers '' and their bizarrely cross-purpose motives was n't enough to save it at the end . but someday maybe it 'll all come right and they 'll make a sequel . ha ha ha ha ! ! !
i did n't know willem dafoe was so hard up for bucks that he 'd disgrace himself with such shocking hamming in this monstrosity . hell : i 'll donate that money that i was going to send to ethiopia if he 's that desperate . i have never seen such a pathetic and disgusting film for a long time ... who paid for this ? they are either pulling some tax scam or insane . a 5-year old would be ashamed of the plot , and i 'd rather get cancer than sit through more than the hour i suffered already . everybody involved should be locked up for a year in the sodomy wing of a third world prison . avoid at all costs . i 'd give it minus 10 if possible ... unbelievable .
i love the book , `` jane eyre '' and have seen many versions of it . all have their strong points and their faults . however , this was one of the worst i have seen . i did n't care about jane or mr. rochester . charlotte gainsbourg ( jane ) was almost tolerable and certainly looked the plain part , but she had no emotion in any of her lines . i could n't imagine what mr. rochester saw in her . that brings us to mr. rochester . william hurt had even less emotion than jane , if that were possible . how two such insipid people could fall in love is a mystery , but it certainly did n't hold my attention . perhaps the director ( zeffrelli ) fell asleep during the production . the timothy dalton ( too handsome for mr . rochester ! ) version is far more faithful to the book , but ciaran hinds plays the perfect mr. rochester in the 1997 a/e version ( which is not all that true to the book ) . trying to find something positive about this movie : geraldine chaplain was perfect in her role .
so ... we get so see added footage of brando ... interesting but not exactly oscar worthy stuff . susannah york was hardly a slouch . new scene where lois finds out clark is superman is slightly unbelievable in that he does n't notice that there are blanks coming out of the gun instead of real bullets . real bullets would have penetrated his clothes and then bounced off him onto the floor but forget that ... let 's listen to donner make fun of lester 's version that made more logical sense . the president talks of the zod `` defacing '' the washington monument when it was originally mount rushmore . tweaking that scene made that line quite absurd . superman 's `` freedom of the press '' line sounded silly compared to `` .. care to step outside '' which was delivered better and had a fitting connection to clark 's earlier scene in the truck stop . then there is the ending with the `` turn back the world to go back in time '' effect . it turned back everything in the whole movie and made you wonder where exactly the rocket aimed for hackensack , n.j. ever went since it does n't free zod and company any more .
terrible film made on a budget of about $ 9.99 . very obvious miniature sets used , poor acting and an awful storyline concerning aliens who use discarded meat from a butcher shop as fuel for their spaceship . the film contains some blood ( not enough to disturb ) and a character with an eggbeater replacing one of his hands . ( yes you read that correctly . ) one saving grace was a song performed at the `` talent show '' ( how 's that for irony ? ) by a punk/new wave band that i think was called `` i 'm a heat seeking missile '' . other than that , this is not worth your time , not even on a `` so bad it 's good '' level . watch if you are into cheesy alien films , but anyone else should steer clear . rating : 1 out of 10
so do n't even think about renting this from the shops , because this is one hell of a bad movie . you 'd think that jj abrahams had written this movie . basically , a rat is flushed down the toilet and somehow has to get back out . fans of the completely terrible `` shrek '' might enjoy , but `` wallace & gromit '' fans will probably turn away in disgust . also , why did n't they do it in plasticine or clay ? i mean , cgi animation ? ? for an aardman movie ? ? ! ! obviously , aardman lazed around while they let dreamworks do the whole thing . wrong , wrong , wrong ! ! ! nearly every single character is awful , apart from that freaky frog guy , who is just right for a movie villain . but everything else about the movie is dull , dull , dull ! ! ! i almost fell asleep with boredom watching this movie . no , wait , actually , i did fall asleep with boredom watching this movie . it 's just terrible . but thankfully , it 's not as bad as `` shrek . ''
the movie is basically a boring string of appalling clichés which do not offer a real cross-cultural insight . the middle eastern leg of the journey is described in a particularly irritating way : there obviously are mud brick villages , dirt tracks in the middle of the desert , women clad in black robes and belly dancers . i wonder how camels and date palm trees were missing from the whole picture . the personality of the two main characters is very clumsily sketched and many situations are hardly credible . the original idea might have been interesting , but at the end of the day if you are looking for cultural insight , you should skip this movie .
this was a truly bad film . the character `` cole '' played by michael moriarty was the biggest reason this flopped , the actor felt that conjuring up an unbelievably awkward southern drawl would make this character more evil , it did n't . after about 20 minutes i had wished for a speech therapist to make an appearance , this would have added some sincerity . - 1 ) badly acted - 2 ) unsympathetic characters - 3 ) razor thin plot line yuck !
the seventh sign has a great opening hook as the israeli defence force come across a terrorist base . this is the type of hook that is a must when writing a script , it grabs the reader / audience and the introduction of david bannon as he rents a room from abby and russell quinnn telegraphs the point that this is a man who ` s not who he says he is . however after the great opening third i found the rest of the movie confusing and uninvolving with a large number of plotholes and isn ` t all that different from umpteen other supernatural thrillers that i ` ve seen
the cat in the hat is just a slap in the face film . mike myers as the cat in the hat is downright not funny and mike myers could not have been any worse . this is his worst film he has ever been in . the acting and the story was just terrible . i mean how could they make the most beloved stories by dr. seuss be made into film and being one of the worst films of all-time and such a disappointment . i could n't have seen a more worst film than this besides , maybe baby geniuses . but this film is just so bad i ca n't even describe how badly they made this film . bo welch should be fired or the writer should . hedeen 's outlook : 0/10 no stars f
this is one of the dumbest films , i 've ever seen . it rips off nearly ever type of thriller and manages to make a mess of them all . there 's not a single good line or character in the whole mess . if there was a plot , it was an afterthought and as far as acting goes , there 's nothing good to say so ill say nothing . i honestly cant understand how this type of nonsense gets produced and actually released , does somebody somewhere not at some stage think , 'oh my god this really is a load of shite ' and call it a day . its crap like this that has people downloading illegally , the trailer looks like a completely different film , at least if you have download it , you have n't wasted your time or money do n't waste your time , this is painful .
although i had seen `` gymkata '' in a theater way back in '85 , i could n't remember anything of the plot except for vague images of kurt thomas running and fighting against a backdrop of stone walls and disappointment regarding the ending . after reading some of the other reviews i picked up a copy of the newly released dvd to once again enter the world of gymkata . it turns out this is one of those films produced during the '80s that would go directly to video today . the film stars champion gymnast kurt thomas as jonathan cabot , recruited out of the blue to infiltrate the nation of `` parmistan '' to enter and hopefully win `` the game , '' a suicidal bloodsport sponsored by the khan who encourages his people by yelling what sounds like `` yak power . '' the goal of the mission involves the star wars defense system . jonathan is trained in the martial arts by princess rubali , who never speaks or leaves the house . once trained tries to blend in with the locals by wearing a bright red sweater with dashes of blue and white . needless to say cabot finds himself running and fighting for his life along the stone streets of parmistan , on his way to a date with destiny , and the game . star , kurt thomas was ill served by director robert clouse , who it looks like was never on the set . the so called script is just this side of incompetent . see other reviews for the many howlers throughout . the town of crazies has a few good moments , but is ultimately ruined by bad editing . the ending ... meh . still there 's the germ of a good action adventure here . a hong kong version with more visceral action and faster pace might even be pretty good .
what the hell of a d-movie was that ? bad acting , bad special effects and the worst dialogues/storyline i ever came across . the only cool thing here was coolio , who had a nice cameo as a freaked out cop . however , the rest of the film is awful and boring . it 's not even so bad , you can laugh about it . just plain crap . and whoever compares this to the evil dead series might as well compare tomb raider to indiana jones ( well , ok , at least there was angelina jolie in tomb raider ) ! 1 out of 10
the crimson rivers is one of the most over-directed , over-the-top , over-everything mess i 've ever seen come out of france . there 's nothing worse than a french production trying to out-do films made in hollywood and cr is a perfect example of such a wannabe horror/action/buddy flick . i almost stopped it halfway through because i knew it would n't amount to anything but french guys trying to show-off . the film starts off promisingly , like some sort of expansive horror film , but it quickly shifts genres , from horror to action to x-files type to buddy flick , that in the end , cr is all of it and also none of it . it 's so full of clichés that at one point i thought the whole thing was a comedy . the painful dialogue and those silent pauses , with fades outs and fades ins just at the right expositionary moments , made me groan . i thought only films made in hollywood used this hackneyed technique . the chase scene , with vincent cassel running after the killer , is so over-directed and over-done that it 's almost a thing of beauty . the climax on top of the mountain , with the stupid revelation about the killer ( s ) with cassel and reno playing `` buddies '' like nolte and murphy in 48 hrs , completely derailed what little credibility the film had by then . it 's difficult to believe that the director of the crimson rivers also directed gothika , which though had its share of problems , does n't even come close to the awfulness of this overbaked , confused film .
absolutely awful movie . utter waste of time . background music is so loud that you can not understand speech . well if you really listen closely , whatever they speak is actually unintelligible . camera work is bad , editing is not present , background score gives a headache , action is shoddy , dialogs are unintelligible , acting is abysmal and well kareena used to look like a wrestler , now she looks like a starved wrestler . hell you can slim down but you can not gain grace . after spending three hours watching a movie i want to like it , but this movie would not even allow me that pleasure . please if you want to torture yourself , go ahead watch this .
not as bad , as it 's credited to being ( hooper 's done far worse ) more so disappointing for me . such an imaginative concept , which is never really tapped in to by hooper with his economical direction and even less so in the smoky ( excuse the pun ) writing . it goes so sinister and over-the-top in a dead serious tone , becoming ridiculous and unfocused letting the whole pessimistic mystery / conspiracy-laced narrative being easily telegraphed to end on something completely abrupt . because of that , the pacing goes on to be rather sluggish and brad dourif ( cool to see him in a leading role ) seems to struggle with an off-balanced performance , despite etching out a bemusedly quirky intensity to his off-colour character . even though it 's cheaply done , there 's a competent technical attitude to it . however it does n't seem to go anywhere out of the ordinary with its idea and wants to plaster in nasty jolts ( which some do work ) and strikingly steaming special effects ( flames , flames everywhere ) instead . hooper does display some stylishly frenetic imagery ( more so towards the latter end ) , and the camera-work is swiftly manoeuvred and the beaming score is titillating . the performances are bit all over the shop with the appearances of william prince , cynthia bain , dey young , jon cypher and melinda dillon . also geroge buck flower and john landis have small , but amusing cameos especially landis . nothing surprises , but it 's passably engaging .
`` stella '' , starring bette midler in the title role , is an unabashed tearjerker . set in upstate new york , stella claire works nights as a bar maid , pouring and dancing in a workingman 's saloon . one night , in comes a slumming medical intern , stephen dallas , who woos stella , and in the course of their affair impregnates her . she spurns both his offers of marriage and abortion , sends him packing to a lucrative medical career , and raises her daughter herself in near-poverty . flash-forward 16 years and the daughter has grown into a gorgeous , loving , young lady . dr. dallas is not out of the picture , still maintaining a tenuous , but caring relationship with his daughter and .. i 'm rambling , and worse yet , making the movie sound somewhat interesting . the acting and screenwriting are so over-the-top you 'll let out a groan in almost every scene . the chief offender is bette midler , but close behind is john goodman as her alcoholic buddy . each scene seems more contrived than the preceding right up to the finale , which is truly a hoot . taken as a dramatic piece , this film rates no more than grade d , but as camp , it scores an unintended b+ .
a still famous but decadent actor ( morgan freeman ) has not filmed for four years . when he is invited to participate in a new project , he asks the clumsy cousin of the director to drop him in a poor latin neighborhood in carlson to research the work of the manager of a small supermarket . he sees the gorgeous spanish cashier scarlet ( paz vega ) and he becomes attracted with her ability . his driver never returns to catch him and scarlet gives a ride to the actor . but first she has a job interview for the position of secretary in a construction company and the actor helps her to be prepared ; then they spend the afternoon together having a pleasant time . i am a big fan of morgan freeman and paz vega . however , the pointless `` 10 items or less '' is absolutely disappointing . this low-budget movie does not seem to have a storyline , and is supported by the chemistry and improvisations of morgan freeman and paz vega and actually nothing happens along 82 minutes . the ambiguous open conclusion is simply ridiculous , with the character of morgan freeman returning to his silver spoon world and telling the simple worker that they would never see each other again . was he afraid to have a love affair with her and destroy his perfect world with his family ? or was a clash of classes , and he realizes that his fancy neighborhood would not be adequate to a simple worker from the lower classes ? my vote is four . title ( brazil ) : `` um astro em minha vida '' ( `` a star in my life '' )
this overrated , short-lived series ( a measly two seasons ) is about as experimental and unique as a truck driver going to a strip bar . i am not quite sure what they mean by `` ground-breaking '' and `` original '' when they fawn all over lynch and his silly little tv opus . what exactly is their criteria of what is original ? sure , compared to the `` bill cosby show '' or `` hill street blues '' it 's original . definitely . next to `` law & order '' tp spews originality left and right . fans of tp often say that the show was canceled because too many viewers were n't smart enough , open enough for the show 's supposed `` weirdness '' , its alleged wild ingenuity , or whatever . as a fan of weirdness myself , i have to correct that misconception . there is nothing too off-the-wall about tp ; it is a merely watchable , rather silly whodunit that goes around in circles , spinning webs in every corner but ( or because of it ) ultimately going nowhere . the supposed weirdness is always forced ; the characters do n't behave in a strange way as much as they behave in an idiotic way half the time . there 's a difference ... whenever i watch the `` weird dream '' sequence in `` living in oblivion '' in which the dwarf criticizes the director ( buscemi ) for succumbing to the tired old let's-use-a-midget-in-a-dream-scene cliché , i think of lynch . you want weird ? `` eraserhead '' is weird - in fact , it 's beyond weird , it 's basically abstract . you want a unique tv show ? watch `` the prisoner '' . you want a strange-looking cast ? felini 's and leone 's films offer that . tp looks like an overly coiffed tv crime drama in which all the young people look like fashion models . the cast gives tp a plastic look . kens & barbies en masse . in fact , one of the producers of tp said that lynch was looking for `` unique faces '' for the series . unique faces ? like lara flynn boyle 's ? sheryll fenn 's ? like those effeminate-faced `` hunks '' straight out of men 's catalogs ( or gay magazines ) ? do n't get me wrong ; there is nothing wrong with getting an attractive cast , especially with beauties like fenn ( the way madonna would look if she were 1000 times prettier ) , but then do n't go around saying you 're making a `` weird show with weird-looking people '' . and i have never understood lynch 's misguided fascination with kyle maclachlan ( i should get a medal for bothering to spell his name right ) . he is not unlikable , but lacks charisma , seeming a little too bland and polished . his character 's laughable `` eccentricities '' were not at all interesting , merely one of lynch 's many attempts to force the weirdness , trying hard to live up to his reputation - him having completely lost his edge but that time . everything lynch made post- '' elephant man '' was very much sub-par compared to his first two movies . what followed were often mediocre efforts that relied on lynch 's relatively small but fanatical fan base to keep him in the public eye by interpreting meanings into his badly put-together stories that do n't hold any water on closer scrutiny . in other words , lynch is every intellectual-wannabe 's darling . so laura palmer was killed by her dad ... ? he was obsessed by the devil or some such nonsense . that 's the best this `` great mind '' could come up with ... you 've got b-movie horror films that end with more originality . lynch is neither bright nor hard-working enough to come up with a terrific story . go to http : //rateyourmusic.com/~fedor8 , and check out my `` tv & cinema : 150 worst cases of nepotism '' list .
there is one great moment in * surviving christmas * that almost makes it worth the pain : james gandolfini cracks a shovel over ben affleck 's stupid head . this movie serves as yet another unfortunate example of james gandolfini proving what a great actor he is whilst simultaneously besmirching his career by acting in this film . young and wealthy ad exec , drew latham ( ben affleck ) has been inculcated into believing that one must never be alone on christmas . ( and there , from the outset , is the underlying problem with our suspension of disbelief in this idiotic movie : how many people of drew 's social standing , in 2004 , truly care one way or another whether christmas is spent alone or with half the family or with a fifty-dollar prostitute ? ) storyline finds drew buying off a family to spend christmas with , on the condition that they pretend to be his own , insensately ignoring all the indications to the contrary that his money has not bought the emotions he was seeking . for $ 250,000 , a surly suburban truck driver , tom valco ( james gandolfini ) , and his disheveled wife , christine ( catherine o'hara ) , agree to be drew 's ad hoc family , against protests from their son , brian ( a very one-dimensional josh zuckerman ) and daughter , alicia ( a very soft-focused christina applegate ) . drew then spends the rest of the movie supposedly recapturing his youth or - something . the messages in this movie are as twisted and illogical as its dry-mouthed storyline . fraught with overt psychoses , drew plasters a fake smile on his face and blindly remains in denial against every denigration that he was supposedly buying the valco family to avoid . which begs the question : if drew is paying these people to recapture some semblance of joyous familial emotion , how psychotic must he be to pretend happiness amongst their barbs and mental anguish over his presence ? it is not a case of the valco family hiding their true feelings and pretending to be happy while around drew - three of the four members make it patently clear they despise him . is he so incognizant that he can not see that his money is not buying him the `` family '' atmosphere he was inculcated into believing was a truth in the first place ? as with all movies this opprobrious , one wonders how * four * screenwriters could possibly get so tangled in their own narcissistic dreams of appearing in a credits sequence that they will overlook any semblance of plausibility , or intelligence . director mike mitchell , who was responsible for * deuce bigalow : male gigolo * - stop right there . 'nuff said . gandolfini and o'hara somehow manage to shine , proving their mettle amongst this mess . christina applegate is willowy and cutesy and blond and fiery in all the right places , scathingly cutting drew into little strips of carcass for most of the movie , then doing an about-face and falling in love with him because the script tells her to . and i would n't go so far as to say that affleck is a bad actor , but john schneider better look over his shoulder . there 's a whole new level of desperately seeking talent in town .
there have been plenty of unknown movies or movies given bad reviews that i really liked . this was not one of them . it was overacted and used camera techniques that made me feel like i was watching a soap opera . it was ludicrously predictable and took most of the movie to get going then left you asking `` that 's it ? '' . once i decided not to take the movie too seriously and watch it from a purely corny point of view it became more enjoyable . this is one movie that would have wound up on mst3000 if it was still on .
well ... overall , this movie was pretty much worthless , and it 's basically a horror movie that ended up being more of a comedy . i just rented this movie last night when me and my friends went to blockbuster looking for a scary movie . this definitely was n't what we were looking for , but it satisfied us for humor . the actors in this movie ( especially brandon ) are so fake that it 's funny . and especially that tracy girl whenever she 's in the boarded up room telling the clown to go away . they show almost no emotion and it 's just so obvious that they 're acting . and also when the clown is looking through that black box paper thing and grabs mark , he does n't even look like he 's scared even though the clown like grabbed him and started attacking him . and seriously , would you just be jogging if you were being chased down ? i 'd be sprinting for my life ! ( even though anyone could probably outrun that clown because he 's like 300 lbs . ) not to mention that the effects are n't that great , like whenever the clown chops off susan 's head in the forest , then whenever he throws her head into the boarded up room with denise and tracy whenever denise throws the head back over . also like in the previous guy 's comment , the beginning makes absolutely no sense and i do n't even see why it was even included in the movie . so what , was this movie made in 2003 ? the music made it sound like it was made in like the 1980 's , and the camera-ing ( ? ) does n't even really look professional . half of the time , it seems like the camera ca n't even stay steady when it 's suppose to be . overall , i 'd have to say i enjoyed the movie . i would n't recommend it though if you 're trying to find something to scare you , but if you 're looking for something to maybe make fun of or get a laugh out of , i 'd recommend it for sure .
this movie starts out with a certain amount of promise ; but , in my view , begins to lose it when the protagonist kidnaps the good samaritan who comes to his aid when his car breaks down . that this well-meaning stranger begins to fix his car while he is away making a phone call is implausible enough , but that she is one of the few people in the country who can help him put his family 's life back on track is the type of coincidence beginning writers are warned against using in their stories . i found this movie average at best . art direction could have been much better , as could have been cinematography . the acting was good , and so was eva van der gucht 's singing .
the acting is bad ham , all the jokes are superficial and the target audience is clearly very young children , assuming they have below average iqs . i realize that it was meant for kids , but so is malcom in the middle , yet they still throw in adult humor and situations . what should we expect from a show lead by bob saget , the only comedian in existence who is less funny than a ball hitting a man 's groin , which is probably why he stopped hosting america 's funniest home videos . parents , do not let your kids watch this show unless you want to save money on college . expose your kids to stupidity and they will grow up dumberer .
this movie was exactly what i expected it to be when i first read the casting . i probably could have written a more exciting plot , it 's a pity that they left it to a pack of howler monkeys . alberto tomba was surely a good skier but he has to thank god ( and we too ) that he does not have to rely on his actor skills to earn his living . he ca n't play , he ca n't talk , he ca n't even move very good on mainland without his skis ... michelle hunziker is a pretty blonde girl , and that 's all . she obviously was n't chosen for her astounding competence in dramatic roles but most probably for her nice legs . nevertheless i must admit that she could be the tomba 's acting teacher , because he 's even a worse actor than her , and that 's funny , especially considering that she is n't italian . i laughed all the time , watching this movie . i found it so ridiculous and meaningless that it actually made me laugh , loud , very loud .
i want to start by stating i am a republican , even though i do n't agree with a lot of the things bush has done in office . and i love the daily show and colbert report . they have to be two of my favorite shows on tv . i enjoy the bush jokes on conan , letterman , leno , because i admit that w is not the smartest guy to ever walk the earth ( i do believe he 's not the dumbest either . ) but it comes to a point when enough is enough and it 's not really that funny anymore . i see where it can be funny and it is ( hey he 's making fun of our authority figure he 's hilarious. ) . comedy central though is just trying to hard to poke fun at him . i mean maybe one special episode , but an entire series is just dumb . it seems cc is just saying the same bush jokes that we 've heard way to many times . i really can not see this show going past 1 season .
this so called remake is terrible . i went to see this tonight .. on the first day as the anticipation and hype was too much for me to handle . but within the first half an hour , we knew that this is a disaster . it not only does not match the hype created but also insults the original blockbuster . the script had loopholes , the editing was untidy quite a few times . mohanlal who is an excellent actor did an okay job . amitabh was alright .. the director wanted to portray how evil his character is but he went a bit overboard which resulted in it being forceful . ajay who is especially smooth in these kind of roles was also a disappointment . lets not even get started about the new guy prashant .. one would n't be proud to start off a career with something like this . rajpal yadav who was thrown in for a few laughs could n't even get a smile out of anyone because of his forceful humor and the shrill voice . nisha kothari proved that she is one of the worst actresses we have today . all in all , rgv who i thought was one of the most talented and gifted directors india has had .. failed miserably . he took up such a huge challenge and responsibility to remake what is known as the best hindi movie ever and made a mess out of it .
before i 'd seen this , i had seen some pretty bad christmas films . but once i saw this , `` jingle all the way '' looked better than `` the godfather '' . `` santa claus '' is a jolly film about santa helping out some kids , but it almost feels demonic watching it . santa 's jolly ho-ho-ho is replaces by an evil , devilish laugh that i 'm sure has turned many kids off of christmas . the plot of this massacre is very strange , which fits along with all of the performances and dialog . santa lives high above earth in the north pole where he , and kids from all around the world get ready for christmas . but santa has an enemy named pitch , or satan . pitch tries to ruin santa 's christmas by making three boys naughty , and by creating diversions , like moving the chimney and making the doorknob hot . when pitch causes santa to be attacked by a dog , it 's up to santa 's helper pedro and merlin the wizard to get santa out of this pickle . everything about this film , along with being downright bad , is so bizarre . satan dances a lot and he actually seems much more merry than santa . santa talks about delivering presents to all the boys and girls , yet he seems to only deliver to 5 houses of kids in mexico . the reindeer are wind up toys , and when the reindeer laughs , i 'm amazed it does n't bring tears to kid 's eyes ... it 's frightening . everything is terrible . the first 10 minutes are simply santa playing the organ while kids sing to it . probably one of the strangest scenes is santa shooting pitch in the butt with a mini-cannon and uproariously laughing about it while pitch dances around in pain . i think parents are better off telling their little kids about where babies come from , than showing them this . the only positive is it will have you laughing hysterically if you can appreciate bad cinema . my rating : bomb/ * * * * . 85 mins .
it just seems to run true to form , any movie starring dolph lundgren is bad ! i do n't know if it is the fact that the storyline in full of holes , or that dolph is such a bad actor . no spoiler here , he seems to overdue the pushing and shoving and grabbing and touching thing in this movie . in my opinion it is a wonder that some of these projects find venture capital to get in the can and to the theatre .
this movie was a real torture fest to sit through . its first mistake is treating nuclear power as so self-evidently a 'bad thing ' that it barely needs to convince the audience of it . when it does stoop to putting in its argument , it has the participants breathlessly deliver barely substantiated facts ; all that 's missing is someone crying `` when is someone going to think of the children ! '' . while watching this movie , i kept thinking `` where 'd you hear that ? '' or `` that ca n't possibly be true '' - yet little of the info was backed up by any reliable sources . and bless 'em , the 'regular folks ' in the movie came across more like luddites than people with any understanding of the pros and cons of nuclear power ; to be fair , that might be the fault of the film-makers , but equally fairly , it 's a condition shared by the movie 's rock stars . as for the performers ........... now some of these people are highly respected musicians whose music i 've enjoyed , and i 'm sure a few of them really did believe in this cause . but they all come across as wheezing old hippies desperately searching for something to get worked up over , now that the 60s have passed them by . particularly embarrassing are graham nash and james taylor . nash seems to be trying too hard - he looks like he ca n't possibly believe the things he 's being told ( not that i blame him ) , but desperate to feel noticed and included . james taylor performs what has to be the wimpiest protest `` anthem '' ever , `` stand and fight '' , in the most sickeningly cheerful way you can imagine . in fact , most of the performances are pretty bland when they 're not being patronizing . nobody seems worked up by this event , as if it really does n't mean much to them at all . it 's worth noting that the driving force behind this whole event seems to be john hall , of the band orleans , and responsible for some of the wimpiest mor pop of the 70s . ( remember , if you dare , `` dance with me '' and `` still the one '' . ) it 's worth noting because that 's symbolic of how the cause here fails to inspire any real passion in the music . the cause is supposedly life-or-death , but everybody sleepwalks through their numbers like they 're playing the catskills . except maybe gil-scott heron - his protest number `` we almost lost detroit '' is on topic at least , but delivered with all the smugness of a high-schooler impressed with how 'controversial ' he 's being . only bruce springsteen 's performance raises a pulse ; i 've never been a big fan of the boss , but he absolutely smokes , no question . part of me thinks he was taped separately , at another event , and edited into this movie to give wake the audience . compared to the general blandness and air of self-satisfaction here , it 's no wonder bruce was hailed as the savior of rock'n'roll . but even his performance is hobbled by the lifeless concert shooting . i do n't expect a lot of flashy camera movement from a '70s film , but the shots are unnecessarily static , broken up only by split-second cutaways to a back-up singer 's tonsils . now , some of this may be because the performers are lifeless to start with ; and * maybe * the film-makers are more skilled at shooting documentaries than concert footage - but all you have to do is watch `` rust never sleeps '' or `` the last waltz '' to see a movie like this done with more skill . and with more exciting musicians . so really , there 's only two things to watch this movie for : springsteen 's stellar performance , and as a sad snapshot about a counter-culture in decline .
if you 've seen other movies like this , they 're probably better . the omega man comes to mind . to the studio 's credit , they avoided the sprawling , unnecessary , big budget technofest that typifies movies of this ilk . additionally , the set-up and premise were excellent : four people whose past is virtually irrelevant to us are trying to get away from an overwhelming infectious fatal disease . what 's bad is everything else ! i get tired of endlessly stupid , careless , wimpy , ineffective , arrogant characters in a movie . that pretty much describes everyone in the movie at some point . i rented it , and found myself yelling at the tv repeatedly , `` no , do n't do that ! `` , `` why are you so stupid '' , `` look out ! `` , etcetera . a true lack of character development is evident about halfway in . a movie should give you a strong personal connection with at least some of the characters so that you actually care what happens to them . this one does not . also , there should have been a longer , more involving end to the movie as well .
maverick cop with family problems and fondness of using his gun – check ! isolated location with valuable object which is begging to be stolen – check ! tasty looking love interest – check ! assorted band of dumb cardboard cannon fodder villains with dodgy european accents – check ! german sounding bad guy played by an english actor with a piece of corny dialogue for every occasion – check ! corny one liners – check ! deary me , does this film take the wee wee or what ? the clichés come as thick and fast as an avalanche and most of the cast just stand around gawping at just how bad the script is ! in a blatantly cheap and cheerful straight to video rip off of die hard only set on a mountain ( complete with some nicked lines from the aforesaid ) we have all the usual action move cliché 's ticked off progressively as we go along with some good old fashioned violence and nudity thrown in to wake up anyone in the audience who may just have nodded off . jack wild is the cop in full on john mcclane mode here who even manages time for the ye ancient bad guy with gun has used all his bullets gag at one point . in amidst this mess , there are a few well known recognisable faces who i can only assume needed the cash and/or were simply playing it for laughs right from the pointless opening scene that had nothing to do with the plot whatsoever through to the final implausible conclusion complete with ropey dialogue and even ropier effects . looking up this three quid from the supermarket bargain bin effort on imdb i am astonished to find that this dud spawned not one but two sequels , i have got to find these gems on dvd ! it looks like the first sequel is a rip off of under siege 2 and the second sequel , well goodness knows ! one thing that is always a bad sign is that the actor playing jack changes with each film and even the character 's name seems to change for the third instalment . still , blind purchases of cheap dvd 's just would not be the same if studios did n't keep trotting out material of this awful quality ! !
probable reasons why so many people on this site have enjoyed this : 1 . they might not have read the book . 2 . they might enjoy gore and violence in a film . 3 . they might be very young and therefore not understand the violence . 4 . people might not understand how somehow more scary and more violent it is compared to the original book . 5 . there are sure to be many other reasons not covered here . the only thing i liked about this film is the song `` 'bright eyes '' . if perchance , you happen to be one of those people who has read the book , enjoys calm and peaceful films without violence and are quite old and understand scariness and violence , you are sure not to like this . otherwise you will almost definitely enjoy this . like in the book , a rabbit called fiver in an unsuspecting warren warns of terrible danger to come . only a few rabbits - including his brother hazel - believe him and they set out on a dangerous journey to find a new place to live ...
this weekend just passed i watched `` 28 weeks later '' which was very good . after that i watched this film . i have tell you it is one of the most boring so called horror you could ever watch . the scenes were unrealistic , there was no script and no plot . the alien creature was unreal . and the fight scenes mild compared to a school yard fight . and to make it worse the guy named cody had an uncontrollable loose filthy tongue which distracts attention from the main film . forget about this movie ; rather go and watch 28 weeks later . cheers , mesake c .
i have not seen the first film and if it anything like this have no great desire to . having just watched it a few hours ago i am struggling to remember a thing about it . from what i remember it 's main plot seems to be a group of very annoying people stay at a house with that dodgy old woman from friday the 13th and are stalked by plank of wood man . some people die , the film ends , i am starting a law suit against the person who sold me this film as i want compensation for the missing time in my life . i will pay u £1 to take this film off my hands ...... oh wait i already gave it away to a `` friend '' .
look , it 's the third one , so you already know it 's bad . and `` maniac cop '' was n't good enough to warrant the second installment , so you know it 's even worse . but how much worse ? awful , approaching god-awful . when maniac cop goes on a killing spree , a reporter exclaims , `` what happened here can only be described as a black rainbow of death . '' 1 -- rainbows are not black , and can never be . 2 -- rainbows are harmless , and can never inflict pain or death . 3 -- a news reporter , one valuable to his agency , might find another way to describe the aftermath of a killing spree . `` a black rainbow of death '' is not the only way to describe the given situation . this is what you 're in for .
to overcome the death of his wife , an old man does what anyone in his position would naturally do ( at least in a peter greenaway movie ) : he and his son populate their home with eight and a half ( one has no legs ) women and embark on a sexual odyssey . this being a greenaway film , there is lots of pretentious and uninteresting blabbering and of course there is unnecessary male nudity . in fact the father and son share a bed sleeping in the nude . gross . besides , who wants to see an old guy full frontal ? for those who are not into the homo-erotic scene , one of the women likes to do the nasty with horses . there is no story - just a random collection of dull scenes .
anyone who loved the two classic novels by edward ormondroyd will be disappointed in this film . all the magic and romance have been modernized out of his original story of a girl who does a good deed for a mysterious old lady , and given `` three '' in return . three what ? not three wishes , but three rides into the 1800 's on a rickety elevator ... the first novel is time at the top . the second is all in good time .
a boring movie about a boring town in the 50 's . how can anyone think this is a classic ? the producer pretty much ended his career by pushing his girlfriend , cybil shepard , into several movies that were way above her acting ability . i think this movie gives an insight to how bad peter bogdonovitch 's future movies were going to be . cybil shepard 's career took a dive after being in several movies that peter bogdonovich produced . it was n't until `` moonlighting '' that her career started to come back . i thought the acting was poor rendition of the , `` graduate '' . i have noticed that this movie has n't been shown in the us . the only place i have watched it was overseas in europe late at night .
take `` rambo , '' mix in some `` miami vice , '' slice the budget about 80 % , and you 've got something that a few ten-year-old boys could come up with if they have a big enough backyard & too much access to `` penthouse . '' cop and ex-commando mcbain ( busey , and with a name like mcbain , you know he 's as gritty as they come ) is recruited to retrieve an american supertank that has been stolen & hidden in mexico . captured with the tank were hardbitten sgt . major o'rourke ( jones ) & mcbain 's former love devon ( fluegel ) , the officer in command & now meat for the depraved terrorists/spies/drug peddlers , who have no sense of decency , blah , blah , blah . for an action movie with depraved sex , there 's a dearth of action and not much sex . the running joke is that mcbain gets shot all the time & survives , keeping the bullets as souvenirs . apparently the writers did n't see `` the magnificent seven '' ( `` the man for us is the one who gave him that face '' ) , nor thought to give mcbain even a pretense of intelligence . even for a budget actioner , the production values are poor , with distant shots during dialog and very little movement . the main prop , the tank , is silly enough for an ed wood production . fluegel , who might have been a blonde julia roberts ( she had a far bigger role in `` crime story '' than julia ! ) has to go from simpering to frightened to butt-kicking & back again on an instant 's notice . jones , who 's been in an amazing array of films , pretty much hits bottom right here . both he & busey were probably just out for some easy money & a couple of laughs . look for talented , future character actor danny trejo ( `` heat , '' `` once upon a time in mexico '' ) in a stereotyped , menacing bit part . much too dull even for a guilty pleasure , `` bulletproof '' is still noisy enough to play when you leave your house but want people to think there 's someone home .
we 've been served - a terrible film . okay , i 'll admit that since i 'm white and have had no practical experience in the `` competitive world of step-dancing , '' i might not exactly be an authority on this type of film . on the other hand , i do know a bad motion picture when i see it . and , boy , have i just seen it . filmed in low-budget-vision and directed by ian iqubal rashid , ( `` a touch of pink '' ) , `` how she move '' tells the tale of how important it is to follow one 's dreams - even if those dreams include bopping around to loud , irritating hip-hop music and speaking dialogue the average person would not understand if he or she had an international translator . i 'll try to give a small synopsis of the `` plot . '' first of all there are two actors that look like ll cool j who work in an auto shop in toronto ( the mecca of racial diversity ) , but still have time to practice dancing for eight hours a day . there are a few other guys in this `` crew , '' including a token white dude and a guy that looks like denzel washington in `` malcolm x . '' there are also two women in the movie - one resembles serena williams and the other looks like geraldine from the old `` flip wilson show . '' one of these ladies was kicked out of a private college because her parents spent all of her tuition on a drug-addicted sibling . the other girl , a member of salt n pepa , no doubt , is just plain no good . there 's another guy who looks like eddie murphy 's buckwheat , while still another actor who 's a huggy bear knock-off . these guys are rival step dancers . evidently , this activity is very hard-core in the 'hood , and they are all practicing for the big `` step monster '' jam in detroit . since i was unable to understand 90 percent of the dialogue ( perhaps some subtitles would have been useful , as in a bergman film or that one music video by snow ) , it 's hard to explain what happens , other than there 's a lot of arguing , the serena williams girl ( who never smiles , by the way ) becomes a freelance stepper ( moving from group to group ) , there 's some step-dancing and a lot of irritating hip-hop music . it 's a typical rags-to-riches story ; sort of like `` rocky '' with a really bad soundtrack , `` rudy '' with annoying rap music in the background , `` cry freedom '' without the laughs . but why does a film - which could have made a big impact on black audiences - have to contain drug addiction , bad parents and a title that sounds like a first-grader saying the phrase , `` how she moves '' ? i was `` moved '' by this movie , however . moved to leave the theater as quickly as possible .
for daniel auteuil , ` queen margot ' was much better . for nastassja kinski , ` paris , texas ' was much better . the biggest disappointments were from chris menges ( ` crisscross ' and ` a world apart ' can not even be compared with this one ) , and goran bregovic for use of a version of the same musical theme from ` queen margot ' for this movie ( attention to the end of the film ) . if this was an american pop movie , i would not feel surprised at all ; but for a european film with more independent actors and director , a similar common approach about child abuse with no original insight is very simple-minded and disappointing . there are those bad guys who kidnap and sell the underage people . there are those poor children who hate people selling them and wait to be saved by someone . and finally , there is that big hero who kills all the bad guys and saves these poor children from bad guys . every character is shown in simple black and white terms : the good versus the evil . plus , from the very beginning , i could understand how the story would end . is this the end of the history of child sexual abuse ? i believe that the difficult issue of child molestation and paedophilia is much more complex than how it is portrayed in this not very original movie . i think this movie was not disturbing , but very disappointing .
jonathan rivers ( michael keaton ) suddenly becomes a widower when his wife dies . soon after , he 's approached by a dr. price , an expert in electronic voice phenomena ( evp ) , who claims he 's been receiving messages from jonathan 's departed wife anna via sundry electronic gadgets . is anna trying to tell jonathan something ? is this merely a hint of something on a larger cosmic or otherworldly scale ? it 's good to see keaton in a leading role , but the story he 's stuck with is convoluted and absurd at points ; it 's as if the movie does n't know how to answer any of the questions it brings up , so it just distracts the viewer with new , unrelated questions . keaton himself is pretty good , convincingly cast as the bereaving widower desperately trying to communicate with his late wife . he 's matured quite a bit as an actor , leaving behind the frat-friendly waacky-hijinks roles he played 15 or so years earlier . he looks a little craggy , with a perhaps few more wrinkles than one might expect , but he 's lost none of the guile and panache that he 's shown during his quarter century in hollywood . so it 's not that keaton turns in a mediocre performance , it 's that the script itself is subpar . written by niall johnson , the plot gets more confusing as it progresses , each tortuous path ending in another tortuous path . this is all well and good if the path leads to some sort of acceptable denouement , something that ties more or less everything together and explains ... something . but not white noise ; i knew less about what had happened to jonathan than i did before i 'd first seen him . keaton 's really the only reason to watch this junk , although he gets fine support from ian mcneice ( as dr. price ) and deborah kara unger as the requisite love interest .
i think i 've seen this sort of thing before : college graduates not realizing they have it pretty damn good , all the while , complaining that their lives suck . this movie is highly derivative of the big chill and reality bites from what i can make of it : they practically have the same plot . if anything good came out of this snore-fest , it was the music . that was it . as far as i 'm concerned , i 'm not impressed ... but then again , i never expected anything less . this movie was directed by the same person that directed batman and robin ; another movie that should only be viewed with a blindfold in tow . now for the verdict : it 's a 1 out of 10 .
i grew up watching the original tv series in the sixties and one thing that i can tell you right away , there is no comparison . this film was totally ridiculous with a flying suit that was alive . a martian that took different shapes . special effects that looked like something that a little child would create . in contrast , in the original , characters were developed and the viewers developed a feeling for tim and uncle martin . the only highlight in this film , yes , actually there was one , occurred when ray walston finally made an appearance at the end . he wore dark glasses and made references to living on this planet for 30 years as a sort of homage to the tv series . but even the real uncle martin could not save this turkey .
can it ever be said that there are some movies that have no redeeming features whatsoever ? answer : yes , and this is one of them . after helming the appalling 'house of the dead ' director uwe boll has now cast his less-than-talented eye towards yet another video game adaptation . do n't these guys get it ? to anyone who ca n't understand , here it is in block capitals for you : video games do not make for good movies ! the acting here is , at best , sub-standard . the set design and special effects are poor . unlike the video game ( which did have its scary moments ) the movie has no atmosphere of impending doom , no sense of danger or menace . pacing and plotting is confused and the paper that the script is printed on would have been better used as toilet paper . the main culprit is the director . uwe boll uses the camera with the grace and skill of a monkey using a paintbrush . hackneyed zooms , swoops and pans are spliced into the whole dreary affair at unpredictable moments leaving the audience disorientated and bored . why this guy was ever let near a movie set in the first place must stand as one of modern cinemas greatest secrets . avoid at all costs .
one would expect a movie with a famous comedian in the lead role , to be a funny movie . this is not the case here . i laughed out loud once throughout the whole movie , and that was n't even during the final comedy-scene ( which one would also expect to be the funniest ) . this is one you can watch when it comes to tv , do n't spend any other money renting it .
ba ba ba boring ...... this is next to battlefield earth in science fiction slumberness . genie francis ( aka general hospital 's laura ) has a small role as a reporter and that in itself should tell you that this movie must be bad .... there is ben kingsley ( an academy award winning actor ) in this stinker and a few others decent actors . you have to wonder what possessed them to decide to do this awful movie . the music dramatically goes up and down like it 's a major dramatic story . even if you pay attention the plot is impossible to follow . the effects are mediocre as well and seem really dated . all of the actors speak in a monotone voice and have no realism to their dialogue . i could go on and on on how this is a bad movie . at least with battlefield earth it 's so bad it 's funny but this is just b o r i n g. avoid unless you want to be lulled to sleep .
quite average even by monogram standards , this mystery ( a remake of the sphinx ) has an oddball plot which is not unraveled to much effect -- you 'll see through it after about ten minutes . the two leads have some nice breezy dialog at the outset , but john hamilton is hopelessly dull as the villain ( perfectly cast lionel atwill originated the role ) and warren hymer 's nitwit shtick is pretty annoying . however , it 's worth sitting through for a five-minute appearance by the incomparable mantan moreland as nicodemus the janitor , who gets the better of the defense attorney during a hilarious courtroom appearance . you 've got to hand it to bill `` one-take '' beaudine ; he was n't much of a director , but he would always punch up a routine programmer with some goofy vaudeville .
oh , dear lord .... they 've turned what was a fairly thought provoking movie into a swaggering testosterone fest . the original 1971 version of this movie was beautifully vague about our hero kowalski . he was a man trying to drive from denver to san fransisco to win a bet . why was he willing to risk his life for the price of a handful of uppers ? we 're not really sure . we had a few flashbacks that gave us the picture that he was an adrenaline junkie , and presumably he had led his entire life trying to make it to the vanishing point . that point you see off in the distance where the left and right shoulders of the road come together , and the road itself vanishes . he lives only to be free , and means no ill on anyone . we saw several times when there were accidents he stopped to make sure the other driver was okay before moving on , even the cops that were chasing him . when he saw the futility of his quest he took his life rather than be arrested and live a life of captivity . he died like he lived , running wide open . in the remake kowalski has a whole history ( including a first name , even . ) he 's trying to get to the hospital where his wife is suffering from complications to her pregnancy . he is a devoted husband , and excited expectant father . he comes to the decision to take his life after hearing his wife died in delivery , but they even leave that in question when they suggest that he may have jumped out of the car before it ran into the bulldozers . they even gave the part of `` super soul , '' the blind dj ( brilliantly portrayed by clevon little in the original ) to jason priestly ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? give me a break .
hoo boy , this was a real trial to get through . the dvd case has tom hanks ' mug plastered on it and that is the only reason that anybody would buy it . he looks about forty on the box , however , the movie was made in 1982 , so he still has his bosom buddies 'do and of course is about forty pounds lighter . the plot concerns a dungeons and dragons like game that hanks and his three friends play and hanks ends up thinking the whole thing is real . chris makepeace is a boy genius named jay jay and the best thing about the movie is that he wears a succession of funny hats . ooh , look , he has a yellow hardhat on with a tuxedo ! now he 's dressed like a wwi pilot ! this was a truly awful movie but in a bad way . a bunch of vets pop up mostly as parents of the kids . there 's anne ( i 'm honey west , dammit ! ) francis and louise sorel , who actually looks kind of hot . murray hamilton , the mayor from jaws , has a thankless roll as a cop . wendy crewson , is the love interest for hanks and some blonde guy i have never seen before or since . there is some syrupy music here and there and absolutely no tension or sense of danger or excitement . there is a monster that only hanks can see because he 's , you know , nuts . the monster is played by the late , great kevin peter hall , he of predator fame . a friend of mine got this out of the ol ' discount bin at mallwart and advised me to chuck it in the trash without even looking at it , so naturally i had to see if it was as bad as all that . it was . the night before , i watched apollo 13 , so after that , this movie was a bit of a shock . do yourself a favor and leave it in the bin . oh yeah , after hanks almost jumps from one of the world trade center towers because of his delusions , he goes home to recuperate and is visited by his friends . hanks mother , a drunken vera miles , says he is coming along nicely now but when they walk down to the lake to visit him in his tennis outfit , he is crazier than ever . the end
when you see boris karloff and bela lugosi as co-stars , you expect to find a well done horror movie , but this was actually quite different , representing as it did what i would describe as an early effort at science fiction . karloff and lugosi both play scientists ( rukh and benet respectively ) - competitors to an extent , until rukh wins benet over with a demonstration that proves his great theory . the science here was - to say the least - a bit rough around the edges ( thus science fiction , with the emphasis on the fiction ) but somehow rukh harnesses some sort of ray from andromeda that allows him to look at the earth `` several thousand million years ago . '' in that pre historic time , a huge meteorite slammed into africa , leaving deposits of a substance the scientists call `` radium x '' - which can heal and destroy . a large portion of the movie is set rather tediously in africa , on a search for the meteorite deposits , which rukh eventually finds and harnesses to create a great weapon , unfortunately infecting himself with some sort of disease that makes him a great weapon as well . karloff and lugosi were both pretty good here . lugosi pulls off a role in which he 's the good guy pretty well , although i frankly found him a bit unconvincing - especially during the scenes set in africa . the story also plodded along a bit , and while it held my attention it did n't captivate me . given that this is really a sci-fi rather than a horror flick , and that sci-fi was in its very early stages , i suppose the movie needs to be cut a bit of slack . it was ok - nothing more , but also nothing less than that . 4/10
near the beginning , after it 's been established that outlaw john dillinger ( warren oates ) , is an egomaniacal rapist , another bandit of the 1930s is cornered in a farm house and surrounded by the fbi . second-in-command melvin purvis ( ben johnson ) , surveys the situations , sticks a lighted cigar in his mouth , picks up two loaded .45-caliber automatics , and stalks off into the distant house alone . bang , bang , bang . purvis emerges alone from the house , carrying the female hostage , the miscreant dead . all in long shot . if you 're enthralled by stories like red riding hood , this should have considerable appeal . oh , it 's as exciting as it is mindless . pretty boy floyd meets his demise dramatically . multiple violations of the civic code . plenty of shoot outs with tommy guns and pistols . blood all over . as history , it stinks . few remember melvin purvis as an fbi hero , partly , i would guess , because of his name . melvin purvis ? we all remember j. edgar hoover , who fired melvin purvis because he was a rival in the quest for public attention though . the picture was written and directed by john milius . he 's the guy who had it written into his contract that , should any animals be shot and killed in the course of one of his productions , he should be the designated shooter . milius is the guy , a compleat gun freak , who had teddy roosevelt 's rough riders in the spanish-american war shouting quotations from henry v -- `` saint crispin 's day '' and all that . exciting , yes , and complete garbage . `` i knew i 'd never take him alive , and i did n't try too hard neither . '' that is , kill 'em all and let god sort them out . you 'll just love it .
here 's yet another blasphemous european story in which they blast the religion of their country . ( these atheist filmmakers are relentless . ) here we see a brutal blasting of catholics and/or the catholic clergy ( and i am not catholic ) . this won actually won an academy award for bes foreign film . that 's probably because the story made catholics and religious belief in general look extremely weak . one of the main characters is a priest and he cares more about food than anything else . he 's portrayed as nothing but an idiot . no wonder the secular- dominated academy loved this movie . also , there is some overacting fool who plays a guy who renounces his religion so he can marry one of the four daughters featured in the story . the daughters take turns seducing the `` seminary '' student ( who states he studied for six years but says he 's an agnostic ! ) . i mean , how blasphemous is this film ? ? ! ! ! this is a disgrace and another excellent example of the secular-progressive bigotry of the film business , worldwide ( not just hollywood ) .
this is some of the worst acting i have ever seen . i love almereyda 's nadja , but this is just absolute dreck . aside from a few moments of interesting cinematography and music this film is just nonstop bad acting and dumb material . jared harris is particularly bad , but no one in this is remotely good . the plot is a joke , but not the haha kind . i do n't even know if you can forgive movies that are this bad . please erase the last hour and a half of my life . how did this director make nadja and another girl another planet ?
for those who are too young to know this or for those who have forgotten , the disney company went almost down the tubes by the end of the 1980s . people were not seeing their movies anymore and the company was not producing the usual wholesome material .... at least no what people expected . a major problem : profanity . yes , the idiots running the disney movies during that decade would produce films with swear words - including the lord 's name in vain , if you can believe that - interspersed in these `` family films . '' in fact that happens twice here in the first 20 minutes ! this movie , in addition to the language problems , has a nasty tone to it , too , which made it unlikeable almost right from the beginning . thankfully , disney woke up and has produced a lot of great material since these decadent '80s movies . ( `` touchstone '' is disney , just under another name . )
i wish more movies were two hours long . on the other hand , i wish more american civil war movies were merely two hours long . `` gone with the wind '' , `` gettysburg '' - that 's about the length i 've come to expect ; although those two at least entertained for however many hours they lasted ; and even `` gettysburg '' lasted as long as it did because things happened in the course of it . by contrast ang lee 's film is bloated and uneventful . it actually feels as if it takes much less than two hours . that was n't a compliment . it 's really no different to any other form of sensory deprivation : at the time it feels as though it will never end , afterwards it seems to have taken no time at all . the film gets off on the wrong foot , as lee plays his interminable credits over the opening footage ( bad mistake ) in which we are introduced to some characters we take an instant dislike to and will later come to loathe . the central two are jake , the son of german immigrants who are staunch supporters of lincoln , and jack , an equally staunch southerner whose values jake shares . ( i had to re-read that sentence to make sure i had n't written `` jack '' instead of `` jake '' at some point or vice versa . ) the two go off to become `` bushwhackers '' - southern militia who so strongly lust after revenge and violence that they ca n't even be bothered to join the official southern army , which i presume they think is for sissies . i 'm afraid lee lost me right there . it 's easy to feel for characters who make moral mistakes : if we have some independent reason to like them , or feel as if we know them in some way , then their moral flaws can make us care for them all the more . not so here . we are n't properly introduced to jake for at least an hour ; when we are , it becomes clear he 's a gormless pimple of a man , who is n't a confederate by choice so much as by habit - the kind of person who says and does what everyone around him says and does , whose psychology is purely immitative . the people he associates with are either just the same or positively evil in some uninteresting way . i found myself cheering whenever the northern cavalry appeared on the screen . i thought : good - kill the rebels , end the damned war , let me go home . aggravating this problem is the horrible , horrible dialogue . everyone speaks in the same whining southern accent . i 've heard accents from all over the english-speaking world and this is the worst of them all . i do n't care if southerners really did talk like that , it 's simply not fair to ask an audience to listen to it for two hours . and believe me , we do listen to it for the full two hours : lee 's picture is a talky one , largely because characters take so long to say what they mean in their ungrammatical , say-everything-three-times , folksy drawl . it would help if they talked faster , but not much . ca n't these people find a more efficient language in which to communicate ? in short : the film is little but a gallery of uniformly unattractive characters with no inner life , who talk in an offensively ugly mode of speech , who do n't bathe often enough , to whom nothing of interest happens , despite their being involved in a war . good points ? jewel was nice to look at , and so was the scenery . but i have complaints even here . the cinematography , nicely framed , looked as if someone had susbtituted colour film for black and white by mistake ; and as for jewel , we were teased with her body , but never actually allowed to gaze upon it , which i think is the least we were owed .
the `` documentary '' , and we use that term loosely apparently , summarizes that muslims are trying to violently take over the world . then states that any muslim that does n't admit this is either ignorant of their own faith or lying to your face ! also every person that is interviewed in the film has found a market for their ludicrous take on reality by selling claptrap to conservatives willing to let others do the thinking for them . what the west needs to know is this is nothing more than propaganda aimed at mental midgets . if you are looking for an actual documentary on islam and the current state of the middle-east i would look elsewhere . try something that provides multiple points of view from qualified sources .
this movie gets both a 6/10 rating from me , as well as a 9/10 . here is why : as a standard horror movie for the standard horror crowd , where action and gore and scares are taken into consideration , this movie will bore you . it 's basically a family drama similar to what you 'd see on the lifetime channel , but put in a horror universe . the story and formula are age-old , retreaded hundreds of times . if you 're looking for any originality in the plot structure or the minimal conflicts , you 'll be disappointed . take away the zombies and you 'll have something just as melodramatic as a beautiful mind , tripping on cheese . this is the 6/10 . however , the basic synopsis and idea is pretty original and over-the-top . it 's literally something you and your friends would joke about when you 're half-drunk . . . but that joke actually got a theatrical release . the idea gets a 9/10 from me . the only reason it is n't perfect is because they could have taken it even further , but they did n't . the mix of both is mixed . i thought it was funny , but as with most all comedies , it was n't that funny . i had my mom and little sister watch it with me and the jokes we made about it were funnier than the jokes scripted . there were moments of utter genius , but there were also moments of pure boredom . i sincerely hope that other movies take this kind of over-the-top risk and original ideas . i just ca n't say it was perfect , or even near it , because of the lack of originality to the plot . a great family movie . a great movie to watch with a bunch of guys ( or girls ) . a great movie to watch with anyone . . . but if you watch it alone , it will be a bit boring . other people always make this kind of movie funnier and richer . 4/10
having grown up in texas , and less than 15 miles from what used to be gilley 's , i can tell you that this movie is nauseating . the majority of texans do not live like this movie indicates . the plot is weak , and the fake accents are amusing , and it reinforces the stereotypical image that all texans are beer drinking , honky-tonkin ' , rednecks . the horribly fake texas accents is what kills it for me . true , there is a certain texas twang to most texans ' accents , but these people overdo it . you ca n't get someone from new jersey and ohio to do texas accents . it just does n't work . john travolta should have stuck to disco-dancing or the 50s . debra winger was more convincing as wonder girl than she is as a texan .
the animation was good , the imagery was good , although not totally original , however , the story was too long , way too confusing , and over the top dramatic . after about an hour i could n't wait to get it over with . with so many characters that have nothing to contribute and plot elements that either come from nowhere or go nowhere this movie really was n't one movie at all and would have been better of as a short series or possibly two movies . if you like this kind of typical story maybe you will like it , but frankly , i 've been spoiled by much more creative stories that actually have some sort message to tell . go rent a miyazaki film and watch it twice , you 'll get way more out of it .
there are just so many things wrong with this movie . to begin with , the first twenty minutes of the film could have been compressed into just five or maybe ten . the overall movie is ( mercifully ) short already , but this could have been made up for by giving a little more attention to the mean lion ( how did the miss a reference to `` the wiz '' on that one ? ) and working his subplot a little more closely into the main plot . in short , the script had the seed of a good idea , but needed quite a bit of reworking . second , it could have done without the crude humor . the original also had some that it could have done without , but at least there it was almost an afterthought -- here , flatulence and urination abound . third , the show is a little too self-aware . the original series had that well enough , as did the first movie , but here it 's just way , way too much . the brendan fraser in-jokes were just a bit over the top ( and why no mention of the `` new ursula '' ? ) . other gags with the narrator , especially a couple of interactions near the end , also exceed good sense . fourth , a bit more attention could have been given to the cgi work . in the first it was hard to tell that shemp was n't a real elephant ( except by behavior , of course ) , but here the cgi stands out like a sore thumb . ideally special effects should merely tell the story whether they 're good or bad , and they at least do succeed on that count , so it 's a relatively small problem , but it 's still there . all that said , christopher showerman 's performance as george is decent enough . it lacks brendan fraser 's charm , but christopher only really fails in that specific comparison -- he even managed to give george a bit of personal depth , which should have been a major foul in a jay ward-inspired movie but was n't here . julie benz as the new ursula surprised me as being even better than leslie mann in the original . most other performances were pretty standard , not standing out in my mind as either good or bad .
cabin fever is the first feature film directed by eli roth.roth and randy pearlstein co wrote the script from a story by roth.this a zombie film , which owes a lot to george romero and his earlier `` living dead movies '' , and to the original texas chainsaw massacrenot to mention sam ramie 's `` evil dead '' .there is nothing original here , and the story is not compelling.the acting is about par with this genre , it 's just that the story fails.we have pretty much seen this movie before and better made.having said that , after having achieved commercial , if not artistic success from this movie , roth decided he was a director and came out with the abysmally atrocious , mean spirited , pointless ( though much more ambitious ) crap fest hostel.roth should have quit while he was behind.cabin fever is not a good film , however compared to hostel it is a work of art.i hope somebody ( preferably a psychiatrist ) convinces this guy that film-making is the wrong career choice.as for cabin fever , a weak 3/10 for not being as abysmal as hostel .
bad acting , bad lighting , bad plot ! ! this had the quality of a porno movie . i have seen more interesting home video of a boring wedding than this movie ... it sucked big time ! ! do n't waste your time or money on this crap ! it 's amazing that they allow this kind of smut to even be released on video , it should be a crime ! !
what 's that there in the skies ? is it a plane ? is it superman ? ? errr , no it 's a turtle ! ? ! see , that 's what becomes of the cold war ! nothing but bad news and other issues ! the americans shoot down a russian combat plane somewhere over artic territory and the subsequent explosion defrosts & literally awakens the giant prehistoric turtle-creature named gammera . he/she is not a very friendly critter as it promptly ensues to destroy everything and everyone on its path . the arguing governments finally decide to kill the ugly bastard with a brand new and super-sophisticated ice-bomb , but gammera has another surprise in store the damn turtle can fly ! the first time this happens results in a tremendously grotesque and hilarious sequence ! gammera lies on his back looking defeated when suddenly fire blows from his armpits and he skyrockets himself up in the air . how can you not love that ? then there 's also a dire sub plot about an annoying kid who 's able to telepathically communicate with the monster , but that 's just not interesting enough . flying turtle , people ! ! there 's very little else to write about this japanese ( and american re-edited ) sci-fi effort , apart from that it 's an obvious and totally shameless rip-off of such classics like the original godzilla and the beast from 20.000 fathoms . the effects and monster designs are extremely hokey and , unlike the aforementioned films , it never succeeds in creating an apocalyptic ambiance . respectable actors like brian donlevy ( `` the quatermass experiment '' ) and dick o'neill ( `` wolfen '' ) seem unaware of what film set they 're on and even the original japanese mayhem-scenes are n't very convincing . gammera 's very own and personalized theme-song is rather cool , though , so it gets one extra point for that .
second movie in the boxset . originally titled bloodsuckers , this movie was pretty average . it is kinda boring in some parts but there is some good gore effects , but they 're not great though . the movie takes place in the year 2210 . vampires have pretty much taken over the whole world . the v-san ( vampire sanitation ) squad , which also has their own spaceship and is lead by churchill , who is captured by the vampires , receives a message from an earth and the team , formed by quintana ( played by the very hot natassia malthe ) , the rookie officer damian and the rebels rosa and roman ( roman being played by aaron pearl from wrongfully accused . ) v-san later meets up with the leader of the vampires muco , played by michael ironside from total recall . he has no plans of living peacefully with humans , as he is bent on world domination . while this movie was not a waste of time , i doubt i 'll be putting back in the dvd player anytime soon .
this is blatantly a futuristic adaptation of jules verne 's `` mysterious island '' . the sound editing is pretty bad . you hear the dialogue on set and you hear the voices being recorded on a recording booth at the same time ! this is an amateur film with actors from boston and shot around new hampshire . for those living in new engalnd and who is reading this comment will be wowed with a capital w. this film is full of flaws . you get to hear the director 's voice giving directions and giving out directions to the actress . `` ok now stand up . '' as for the other characters . there is this guy who talks with his mind instead of his voice and this blue alien . the alien guy talks with a deep voice . when he is yawning or grunting when he is fighting you hear the actor 's voice . as for the special effects , man ! this was brett piper 's early work for crying out loud ! the creatures are good but the animation is jerky . really jerky . sort of like karl zeman animation in journey to beginning of time ( 1955 ) . the special effects are imaginative . thge music is good . bottom line , this film makes equinox or planet of the dinosaurs look like a ray harryhausen epic . did you know mysterious planet was a home movie and was on a shoes string budget ? a must watch for aspiring film makers .
warped take on the pinocchio theme , and set during the christmas season ( .. after the previous entry abandoned ties to christmas ) has booby-trapped toys sent to murder a child ( .. yet through this , other victims are accidentally harmed in the process ) perhaps by a toy maker 's `` son '' . screaming mad george was responsible for the killer toys ( .. including a larvae which enters a victim 's mouth and out his eye , another where soldier toys actually shoot real bullets at a babysitter after her boyfriend was practically strangled by a severed hand toy , operating from a remote control ) . the little target is a mute child named derek ( william thorne ) whose stepdad was murdered by a red ball with extending arms that ensnare his face , causing him to land on a fireplace poker . mother sarah ( jane higginson ) worries about her son 's mental state , figuring his reluctance towards opening presents or , more importantly , talking , derives from watching her husband 's horrific murder . derek 's real father , noah ( tracy fraim ) fears for his so n't safety , and informs , reluctantly , his ex-girlfriend sarah that the local toymaker , joe petto ( mickey rooney ) once was arrested for setting traps in toys to harm kids due to the loss of an unborn child when his wife was killed in a car crash .. kind of a retaliation in saying that if he could n't have a son , then others should n't either . still quite a heavy drinker ( .. often seen swigging jack ) , petto seems to have set aside his feelings towards kids , but his creepy son pino ( brian bremer ) has n't and derek he harbors angst towards . why ? you 'll soon understand . pretty disappointing special effects and rather goofy premise . rooney 's name adds an allure to the film , gaining it a notoriety , but his histrionics can only help so much . attractive lead actress higginson ( slaughterhouse ) and fraim as the man who re-enters her life are n't so bad , but the lame plot that develops is hard to take seriously . i 'm guessing that 's the point , but rooney has no reason to be in such a film as this .. he has no room to bring any personality to his toymaker other than rage and desperation , quite volatile , barely holding himself together as he explodes in anger towards pino , when not downing liquor . bremer is appropriately weird and `` robotic '' as pino , longing to have sarah as his mama . the practical effects used during the attacks on victims are rather unconvincing .. screaming mad george 's work with savage steve holland was far more effective than what we see in this film . the sex everyone talks about is n't as gratuitous as many would have you believe ( .. i ca n't even recall any nudity ) . probably the best of the numerous sequels greenlighted , but that 's not exactly an endorsement . i 'm pretty sure written on paper , this was an entertaining concept , the idea of spoofing pinocchio using horror elements , but the result does n't exactly blow you away .
obvious attack on microsoft made by people who do n't appear to understand intellectual property or market economies generally . loony liberal tim robbins plays a painfully obvious caricature of bill gates , and is a cartoonish corporate villain ordering murders right and left . while microsoft may engage in some anticompetitive activity at times , it 's unlikely they actually murder people . therefore , the film is over the top and ridiculous from the beginning . the `` deeper '' point is apparently that major tech innovations should be free to the public , and not subject to intellectual property laws . however , this ignores the fact that most major innovations would never have been developed if not for the market incentives ( and rewards ) provided by intellectual property . it 's one thing to be opposed to anti-competitive conduct -- that 's common sense . it 's quite another to be opposed to market competition in the first place , which is what the film 's mantra ( `` knowledge belongs to mankind '' ) represents . yet another example of hollywood being completely out of touch with reality .
this is one of the worst movies i 've ever encountered , but i want to say that some of the criticisms i had heard turned out to be unwarranted .. as far as pure film-making technique goes , this director is competent . he 's held back by the limited budget and the vhs camera , but the actual editing , camera angles , camera movements and scene staging are pretty professional . i 've seen many movies where the `` directing '' was much worse . at least the scenes flow in a way that is not confusing and he has a few clever shots here and there . also , the forest scenes contained a decent atmosphere . there is only so much you can do with a vhs camera , and he does a nice job as far as the technicalities go . as far as artistic merit , there is none . the scene where the camera pans down so that we can watch a guy urinate in the woods for 15 seconds sort of epitomizes the artistic style of the whole film . this is pure trash ... total garbage . the gore is decent for a film in this budget range . , it 's obviously fake but there 's lot 's of it , and it 's very outlandish .. i saw the american version with the intentionally campy dubbing . this was a good idea ( and it 's the only thing that allowed me to make it through the film ) ... unfortunately , it 's overdone , especially towards the end . it 's really a terrible film , but i have to recommend it for it 's camp value . it 's really hard to find a movie that 's worse than this and that sort of puts it in a unique category .
this movie deserves credit for its original approach . it combines elements of theater , film , and epic storytelling . unfortunately , it falls flat on all levels . the films biggest weakness is it 's unwillingness to commit to anything ; it has camp , moralistic , and epic elements without ever committing to any of them . as for the story itself , chretien de troyes is spinning in his grave at this horrible adaptation which turns the lovable , unbearably innocent percival into a most ungallant and rude churl . most likely two types of people will see this , francophiles or arthuriophiles . speaking as one of the latter , i found the movie unwatchable and an incredibly shabby , disrespectful treatment of a beautiful story .
this is the least scary film i have ever seen . how the blob manages to eat anyone is the biggest mystery of the film . the blob moves so slowly that an o.a.p in a zimmerframe could escape it . the blob has a large slice of luck coming across a typical horror film woman who instead of running away stands still for half an hour so that she can be eaten . if you havent seen this film i recommend you do , its far too funny to be taken seriously .
i would n't be so quick to look at all the good reviews and say this might be a good show .. this show is only good if you do n't know what `` talent '' is .. i wo n't even say how offensive it is ( i know it can be offensive to a lot of people ) because thats not really what bothers me about the show .. what bothers me is that people watch this and think it 's funny .. it makes me feel like our generation is getting to stupid and i 'm actually scared that it will one day be run by people who watch this garbage .. basically the plot is simple .. it 's about an offensive , self centered , spoiled women ( sarah silvermen ) getting through everyday life .. thats it .. like that has n't been done a million times .. in fact almost every joke either has been done or is racist .. sarah also likes to sing .. i like her voice .. thats it .. not the lyrics .. the lyrics are dreadful .. which she likes to sing about a lot of things .. if you like to see a hot women put everyone else down and make them feel like crap while at the same time farting and saying crap about every race then this show is for you ..
may i please have my $ 13.00 back ? i would have rather watched `` hydro- electric power comes to north america '' . again . this is a movie with one voice . the same voice , which comes out of every characters mouth regardless of age or gender . to listen to that voice again i would have to charge at least $ 150 an hour . and i do n't take insurance . it was eerie watching will ferrell morph into woody . but i do n't think imaginative casting is enough . one should wait until they have a story before they bother making a movie . unless he 's just doing it for the money . and if that 's the case why not just reissue an all-rap version of `` what 's up tiger lily ? ''
i can only believe that garson kanin must have been two people . the one who wrote the brilliant `` a double life '' and the funny `` born yesterday '' and co-wrote such excellent screenplays as `` adam 's rib '' and `` pat and mike '' with his wife ruth gordon and then the one who wrote and/or directed such tiresome , sad drivel as `` bachelor mother '' , `` some kind of a nut '' , and this . the cast tries , but the script is so tired and clichéd that even the efforts of the always wonderful brenda vaccaro are defeated . the script sinks to it 's nadir in the truly offensive sequence in which janssen 's character tests drivas 's character to make sure he 's not gay . an ugly sequence , but sadly one which could easily play in a film today . `` ethnic '' jokes are now totally verboten , but `` fag '' jokes are still `` good , clean , family fun '' .
the movie 's premise is spooky : a woman gets pregnant when kissed by a stranger in a bar . but as soon as the movie begins , a horrible opening scene establishes that this is a c type sci-fi tv movie . it 's a big star trek and a bit x-files , but more than anything else it 's boring . when the movie kicks into action everything is predictable and cliche . it looked more like a 2 parter in a bad sci-fi tv series . no suspense and no thrills , but not for a lack of trying . just a lot of predictable dramatic conflicts between the main characters . do n't waste your time .
this movie has received a lot of bad press from people who do n't understand what it was meant to be . one must understand that this movie was never meant to be taken seriously . it 's camp , along the same lines as `` army of darkness . '' aod was silly , but funny and bad in a good way . `` house of the dead '' fails to be `` good bad. '' . there are qualities inherent in good campy movies , most important of those being believable fantasy . one needs to believe what 's happening in a movie to see the humor when a situation goes incredibly wrong . without boundaries , the movie becomes absurd . hotd lacks any believability . worse still , hotd brings nothing new to the genre , and repeats the same plot twists and character reactions that many horror movies inevitably start to exhibit . for example , all too often , horror movies fall into the trap where the main characters find love amongst the gore and destruction . i do n't know about you , but when i 'm being chased by zombies , i wan na make out with a hot chick . believe it ? no ? then , you probably wo n't believe it when the characters start sucking each other 's faces in this movie . beyond the obvious issues that plague this movie like so many other horror movies , uwe boll elected to add scenes from the video game of zombies being shot , randomly whenever a character shoots a zombie in the movie . not only is there no clear rationale for this artistic choice , but it distracts one from an already unbelievable plot . further , there are frequent and numerous examples of bad acting , and seemingly no attempts by the director to guide the actors ' reactions to events ... leaving the movie with no redeeming qualities . avoid ...
1st the good news . the 3-d is spectacularly well done , and they do n't go for the gotcha gimmicks . the film is based on the true story of the high point in human history , and even features one of the actual participants in that story : buzz aldrin . and now the meat of the matter : it 's about flies , for krissakes ! flies with big , googy human eyes , true , but flies nonetheless . remember when i likened the `` underworld '' movies to rats vs. cockroaches ? that was n't intended as praise , and i never dreamed anyone would take it literally . this one 's got even less empathy going for it . baby maggots ? ugh . in one of those odd confluences of hollywood groupthink , this flik was evidently on the drawing boards at the same time as `` space chimps '' , also about critters in space . go rent `` apollo 13 '' and see a 9-rated movie about the real space program ( rip ) .
i thought this was a sequel of some sorts , and it is meant to be to the original from 1983 . but a sequel is not taking the original plot and destroying it . i actually had very little expectations to this movie , but i just wasted 95 minutes of life . no suspense - i actually feel clairvoyant , poor acting , and so filled with technical errors , so i as a computer geek just could n't believe it . they have tried to make it a mix between a generic war movie and 24 hours . but this is not even worthy of a low budget tv movie . do not see this movie , this is a complete waste of time . instead get the original . the theme is still valid . do n't let to much power into a machine . and the acting and plot is far more exiting and compelling .
primal species ( 1996 , dir . jonathan winfrey ) international terrorists get a surprise when their cargo turn out to contain living dinosaurs . the army commando team now have to think fast , if they want to prevent the extinction of the human species , instead of the reptiles . you look at the cover and you gain your first impressions of the film . that is pretty much it . the acting is only just acceptable from a few characters . the story is poor , with the whole film based on the army and the marines trying to kill the dinosaurs . this film came out three years after 'jurassic park ' . instead , this film looks to have come out 13 years before 'jurassic park ' . the dinosaurs costumes are so poorly made , and i do mean costumes . there are obviously people dressed up , and this film makes no attempts at hiding this . a scene when a dinosaur runs down a corridor is created in a way , in which it looks like someone is riding the creature . the is one good thing , which comes out of this film . the short running time . at only 1 hour and 15 minutes , it does n't waste too much of your life , but still try to avoid it altogether . `` it 's like a friday the 13th nightmare . '' - officer ( brian currie )
from the pen of richard condon ( the manchurian candidate 1962 ) comes this muddled tale of political intrigue and assassination . the story , told in almost comic book fashion is difficult to swallow . all-star cast considered , this poor effort is not entirely the fault of the cast and crew : the novel was replete with the same short-comings . it seems as though at times the story is actually mocking the more sincere effort put forth in `` manchurian candidate . '' a disappointment on all counts .
one of the five worst movies i have ever watched . and i 'm not exaggerating . in fact , i recommend watching it so you can get the same feeling of incredulity as you might by watching showgirls . out of 400 votes , the movie gets a user rating of 5.3/10 . but there is a disproportionate number of voters who gave it a 10/10 , probably due to the message of the movie - nuclear weapons are the bane of mankind . chuck murdock is an all-star little league pitcher who gives up baseball because there are nuclear weapons . soon `` amazing grace '' smith is an all-star boston celtic who is inspired by chuck 's story and gives up basketball . soon all sports leagues from the professional level to college to high school to little league dismantle in a world-wide protest . later all the children of the world go on a silence strike . this inspires the president of the united states to meet with the soviet premier , who in time agree to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the next little league season . the movie ends with chuck about to throw out the first pitch , with the president telling his new best friend chuck not to worry about striking out every batter , as he has n't thrown a baseball in a year . somewhere along the line a nefarious underworld boss kills amazing grace . when the president finds out he is told that the fbi can verify the killer but will never be able to prove it . so the president calls the underworld boss ( `` but it 's one a.m. '' `` i do n't care , get him on the line '' ) and tell him that he is to resign from all company boards that he sits on and sell all stocks that he has . and to not get out of line again . honestly , this movie was so crappy that i could n't turn it off . it was on television from 2:30 am to 4:00 am , and i watched it all . i was n't turned off by the anti-nuclear weapons propaganda . i was turned off by the implausible break down of all organized sports . i do n't even understand why `` amazing grace '' smith was killed . and with all these famous athletes becoming chuck 's friends , why the father was constantly upset with his son taking a principled stand . and there was the cliché moment near the end when dad tells chuck , `` i never told you this , but i 'm proud of you . '' cue hug .
been lurking for a couple of years or so . i have never been moved to post on here before , so perhaps this movie is worth a star for that , but i doubt it . i just watched it on dvd , having missed it in the movies due to illness and never got around to watching it till now . i had not read extensively about it , certainly not even thought about the movie in some months . it was just what the buddy picked up in the store , so it got watched . bad mistake . the shot i spoke of in the the summary up top is in the trailer and on the poster . right from the off , jason statham has hair . like in no other gr movie . or any js movie that i 've seen . at least not in the quantities on display here . and ray liotta in underpants should be advance warned . it 's scary and funny but not in a ha-ha-humour way . its more in an almost-theoffice-but-slightly-mutated-and-so-failing-sort-of-humour way . they each say the same thing : `` this movie is not like anything you expect this movie to be . '' now , based on previous , extensive , movie-watching experience , i expected this movie to be a few things . like : ( ) coherent , ( ) interesting or engaging , ( ) not a complete and utter farrago of navel-gazing , ( ) something more substantive than a motley bunch of badly-realised fables from what is just a standard eastern mystic ideology dressed up as a `` cool , modern , self-aware art-form '' , ( ) hopefully better than `` the idiots '' . as you may have guessed by my tone , it thoroughly failed to check any box above . instead it was : ( x ) badly edited { pace all over the shop , 70s-amateur high-8 style jump cuts , incomprehensible `` plot '' `` twists ! ! ! '' delivered through hackneyed flash-back montages , i could go on ... } , ( x ) shot as if by a depressed 14yr-old goth who 'd just spent the weekend watching truffaut and godard with the drapes drawn ( x ) so up its own behind with the whole `` i 'm really smart , me '' motif/ message , that it feels determined to repeat it every 20 minutes or so , just to make sure the dumb people ( ie : everyone who does n't like it ) in the audience make sure they get the point , ( x ) a genuine waste of my time . as for the undoubted ability of some people to `` get '' something from this , fine . i 'm glad you enjoyed it . one poster said something that caught my attention : under-25s probably understood it better because of the editing . maybe , but editing is supposed to make your work more accessible , not less . as for the `` genius is only recognised by the enlightened '' brigade out there , go suck an onion and grow up . there is nothing more presumptuous and self-serving than people who say the reason another person does n't know great art is because they do n't understand the 'craft /materials /moon cycle /filaments of supreme rational thought ' which the 'auteur /poet/ artist/ palm reader/ idiot savant ' is using to explain his or her 'vision /grand scheme /oneness with gaea /great big bucket of dog-sick ' . for me and many , many more people , its garbage . movies , art , stories , poetry , anything designed to be viewed by another human is supposed to be engaging and moving . in some direction be it metaphorical , spiritual , emotional or whatever you 're having yourself . the only way this moved me was forward in time , two hours closer to my own inevitable demise . `` the greatest trick he ever pulled was making you believe any part of this movie meant anything at all '' and now , please , by all means , toast my buns for me .
the two things are are good about this film are it 's two unknown celebrities . first , daphne zuniga , in her first appearance in a film , young and supple , with looks that still encompass her body today , steals the very beginning , which is all she is in , and that is that . she is obviously just starting out because her acting improved with her next projects . second , the score by then known composer christopher ( chris ) young is what keeps this stinker from getting a one star ... yeah , i know one star more is not much , but in this movie 's case , it is a lot . the rest is just stupid senseless horror of a couple a college students who try to clean out a dorm that is due for being torn down , getting offed one by one by an unsuspecting killer , blah , blah , blah ... we all know where this is going . watch the first eighteen minutes with daphne zuniga , then turn it off .
after reading the previous comments , i 'm just glad that i was n't the only person left confused , especially by the last 20 minutes . john carradine is shown twice walking down into a grave and pulling the lid shut after him . i anxiously awaited some kind of explanation for this odd behavior ... naturally i assumed he had something to do with the evil goings-on at the house , but since he got killed off by the first rising corpse ( hereafter referred to as zombie # 1 ) , these scenes made absolutely no sense . please , if someone out there knows why carradine kept climbing down into graves -- let the rest of us in on it ! ! all the action is confined to the last 20 minutes so i 'll attempt a synopsis . john carradine comes out to the cemetery to investigate , and is throttled by zombie # 1 . so far , so good . but then we get the confusing scene where john ireland and jerry strickler , out for a little moonlight filming in the graveyard , discover carradine 's dead body . strickler repeatedly tries to push ireland into the open grave from whence zombie # 1 had emerged , but ireland succeeds in flipping him into the open grave instead , and presto ! strickler comes out as zombie # 2 ! yeah , i guess we can infer that strickler was dead all-along ( a witch ? ) , but why he changed from normal appearance into rotting-flesh version by flying into zombie # 1 's grave is never explained . ( considering how excruciatingly slow-moving these zombies are , i 'd of thought he would have preferred to stay in his `` normal '' form until his business was concluded ) . this scene also brings a question to mind -- just who the heck is zombie # 1 ? ? ? we can only assume zombie # 1 is one of the original murder victims shown during the movie 's opening credits , but who knows which one , nor why he has a particular grudge against the film crew . anyway , after ireland sees this transformation and runs away , we see the exact same shot of zombie # 2 shambling through the trees as we saw for zombie # 1 . ( this leads to momentary confusion over just how many zombies there really are ) . then in best 1950 's horror-movie fashion ireland manages to trip while fleeing . he conveniently knocks his head on the small headstone of faith domergue 's dead cat ( was n't that nice of john carradine to chisel a tombstone for a cat that he barely knew ? ) meanwhile , zombie # 1 has been wrecking havoc up at the house . he easily dispatches three film-crew members , then starts up the stairs . faith domergue hears him , and thinking it 's lover john ireland back from his night-shoot , goes out . upon seeing it 's only zombie # 1 , she lets out a scream and retreats into a bedroom where she retrieves ireland 's revolver . while starlet carole wells is showering at this point and ca n't hear the scream , her co-star charles macauley ( who 's boozing and hamming it up at a mirror in his bedroom ) does . taking his sweet time ( and only after some more swigs from his hip-flask ) he finally decides to investigate . ( one thing that strikes the viewer during the last quarter of this movie is how slow to react the stars are to screams and gunshots ) . domergue comes back out into the hallway armed and ready , but mistakes macauley for zombie # 1 and shoots him six times ! he does a nice acrobatic flip over the railing , then a horrified domergue backs up , right into the waiting arms of zombie # 1 . carole wells is by now out of her shower and drying off when she hears gunshots and domergue 's screams ; she too feels no great urgency in running out to investigate . so during this time zombie # 1 has time to string domergue up from the neck with a rope . wells sees domergue 's hanging corpse and faints dead-away . the next time we see her is in a stream outside the house ( ? ? ? ) -- but more on that later . meantime , ireland has recovered his senses and stumbles into the house where he discovers zombie # 1 's bloody carnage . though ireland has just stumbled upon 3 murdered people he 's more concerned that his film has been exposed and ruined ! mercifully for him ( and the audience ) , zombie # 1 throws some movie equipment down on his head from the 2nd floor . that 's the last we see of zombie # 1 . at this point the audience is treated to a montage of all the deaths , showing that the new ones `` mirror '' the old ones . how profound . zombie # 2 , meanwhile , has gotten near the house ( remember , these zombies move as slow as molasses in january ) where he happens to see carole wells floating by in a stream , and fishes her out . how did she get there ? did zombie # 1 carry her down , throw her in , then zoom back upstairs just in time to crush john ireland ? apparently one of the original victims was drowned in the tub , so wells has to drown too ( but why outside in a stream , instead of in the tub , is never explained ) . zombie # 2 never makes it into the house himself ( everyone 's dead by now , anyways , thanks to zombie # 1 ) but instead he carries carol wells back to the graveyard . as the end credits flash on screen , we see zombie # 2 with his dead love still in his arms , descending into the open grave . the viewer is left wondering : yes , but was n't this zombie # 1 's grave ? why is zombie # 2 taking up residence ? and what if zombie # 1 comes along and wants to climb back in -- is zombie # 2 gon na let him , or will there be a zombie fight ? will the zombies share both the grave and the newly deceased carole wells ? and what about now-dead john carradine -- where 's he gon na stay ? after all , from the earlier scenes we know he 's clearly at home in the grave ... if this plot synopsis of the finale has left you confused , do n't worry cause you 're not alone .
i ca n't believe that steven segal 's career has hit so low that he has been reduced to making 4th rate films with 5th rate secondary actors . i watched this moving expecting to see him beet the crap out of some people the way he usually does . when he is reduced to using a single judo chop between the shoulder blades to take out an opponent and the guy falls like a ton of bricks something is wrong . the plot is unbelievable as a movie , and even if you excuse the visuals , and had read this story as a novel , you 'd be left wondering why you had even picked up the book . steven segal goes through the motions and seems as if he is only doing this because he is under obligation . he shows no effort and no enthusiasm , and in some scenes he does n't show up at all . i hate to repeat other peoples comments , but the use of stock footage for cut scenes and for visuals of the aircrafts in flight is pathetic . the condition of those scenes chopped in , is shaky and scenes themselves seemed to have deteriorated over time . the zappruder film showing president john f kennedy being assassinated is steadier and cleaner . my honest opinion is to tell you not to waste your time seeing this movie , it is not up to the standards of his work in the glimmer man or exit wounds . i read one review that said the movie had a 12 million dollar budget ( segal being paid 5 of that ) and that the movie still came in under budget . i must concur . it is no wonder that this is a direct to dvd movie , as no conscientious theatre owner would play this movie .
ok this movie had a terrible premise . be serious according to the movie they had just been through an apocalyptic war yet they have money to buy huge robots and pit them against each other . each country decides instead of investing into rebuilding their country they would rather fight with robots no one could afford . here 's a better idea , lets rely on our most inept resource , jocks , to fight our battles . everyone says what about the director , what about him . he makes a good movie , he makes a bad movie . there is no reason to give this movie some credit just because of the director , maybe he was asleep ? i thoroughly enjoyed this movie , because it was so cheesy and ridiculous i had to laugh . i actually had a good time watching it , well except for the cowboy mentor who turns out to be an assassin ( trust me no one would see this guy as an assassin , so it is a surprise , however lame ) what kind of training exercise is a jungle jim anyway . i was sad to see mst3k had not done this one . i am giving a two star rating however because nothing could be as bad as `` manos the hands of fate . '' the budget does not matter either , i have seen plenty of reasonable movies that had nothing for budgets like cube . the storyline was not even plausible and i have seen better acting in school plays . surly they could have afforded an eleven year old from any middle school play . anyway pick it up , it is a fun movie to watch .
this film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells us the fates of two of the lead characters and that the names of people and places have been changed ... before telling us that relation to actual people and events are purely coincidental . this ending line actually sums up everything that has gone before it ; as rino di silvestro 's messy film completely lacks vision , and if there is any point to the plot ; it was n't put there on purpose . werewolf woman is often seen as a guilty pleasure or a 'so bad it 's good ' film , but i completely disagree . normally , i enjoy films like this ; but werewolf woman is indeed a bad film , and despite all the sex and savagery on display ; it does n't even make for a fun watch , and that really is unforgivable . the film really does n't have much plot , but the thin sliver we are given involves a young woman , who also happens to dream that she is a werewolf . she dreams of going out and finding men , having sex with them and eventually killing them . back in the real world , she falls in love , but her lover is killed and she goes out for revenge ... the film is made up of scenes of sex and gore , which are padded out with extremely dull talking sequences in which various characters mull over the recent events . these scenes are probably there to forward the plot and build characters ; but they really do n't do that , and succeed only in turning what could have been a passable exploitation romp into an extremely underwhelming film . it would seem that the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than the plot , and this is shown by the fact that the film looks and sounds nice . the sex scenes are often overlong and not very erotic , but the gore works well . the premise is ripe for giving way to a very sexy slice of exploitation , as there 's plenty of naked women , and the fact that the central character has a werewolf origin means that there could be plenty of erotica ; but this is n't capitalised on , and while i can stomach huge doses of bad acting and poorly done plot lines , i really ca n't stand watching films and being bored . overall , i would n't even recommend this film to big exploitation fans . there 's plenty of better stuff than this out there , and while the title may sound intriguing - the film is n't .
this is a piece of s -- t ! ! this looks worse than a made for t.v . movie . and i shutter to think that a sequel was even concieved and the results ... war is prettier than this . jean claude van shame has done it again and he wonders why his career is where it is now . no script , no story and no time should be wasted on this . i mean that . 1 out of 10 is too high , way too high . goldberg should be jackhammered for this . van shame is no actor .
what reviewers and mst3k left out is the best part ( and only memorable scene ) of this otherwise dreadful movie : there is a very good rape-in-the-shower scene committed by the bad guy ( ben gazzara look-alike ) on maria ( as mentioned , killed later through t.j. 's ineptitude ) . perhaps rape is too strong a word , `` prison mating ritual '' may be more appropriate . the background behind this chance , yet forced meeting is the mobster who is hiding `` ben gazzara , '' introduces him to the girls hanging out at his pool . the 30-ish blonde disses him , but our villain must be quite smitten by her , because the courtship is on at that point . his first move is to attempt drowning her , until his mafia don benefactor tells him to knock it off . kind of like the girl in high school you did n't like , but still wanted to have carnal knowledge of anyway ... let 's just say , he catches up with her in the cabana later .
how this film was made with so many big stars is beyond me . this is a terrible cliché ' ridden film with the worst acting any of these actors have ever done . it really surprises me that so many of these a list stars would agree to this unfunny film . what 's even worse is the fact that is made almost 100 million here in the states . it does go to show however that big stars can pull in the bucks , even if the film is terrible . i felt sorry for everyone involved in this snore-fest . billy crystal tried his best with the what he was given and the rest of the stars seemed to be walking through the motions . whatever you do , do n't fall for the excellent cast because no one could have saved this .
stephen king is generally known for the morbid , and that 's fine , but this story is too morbid . some movies , by the end you feel sad for the characters or the situations they were put through ... here you just feel depressed . the movie has a nice feel to it ( at first ) , with the family moving to the country , and creepy old fred gwyne greeting and warning them of the pet cemetery , but this plot leads nowhere . it starts with so much potential , but by the end , it loses the potential to be a good horror movie , and becomes corny , extremely stupid , and ultimately depressing . louis ( dale midkoff ) , his wife rachel ( denise crosby ) , their kids ellie and gage , and their cat move to a new home in maine . they are warned by the loony farmer neighbor jud ( fred gwyne ) about the local pet cemetery and how it is cursed . louis thinks nothing of this and everything 's fine until the family cat is killed . he bury 's it in the cursed cemetery and it comes back to life , constantly hissing at the family and wanting to be left alone . one day , infant gage runs out in the road and is run over and killed by a truck , and louis knows he must bury him in the cemetery . when gage comes back to life , he is changed and wants to murder . with many of stephen king 's works that do n't translate well into films , i blame the directors and screenwriters . in this case , mr. king was the screenwriter , but i 'm going to blame him for his awful story . by the end it 's so pointless , and though unfunny , the premise is laughable . a little boy comes back from the dead and manages to kill people with what looks like a tiny scalpel , and not only that , but he manages to lift their bodies and in one case , carry a body from the ground to the attic ! ( ? ) i know this is n't set in reality but seriously , how stupid can this get ? the scene where louis injects his deceased , now living again cat to kill it is strangely sad , because the cat did not deserve this . all it did was go around minding it 's own business and he killed it . the scene where he injects his own infant son is almost unbearable . not unbearably sad , but the whole situation is just awful to think of . after being injected gage staggers drunkenly around before falling down dead .... why did they need to make a movie ending with the death of an infant ? but ... even worse , the actual ending of them film involving louis burying someone else ( not going to give away who ) in the cemetery after gage kills them .... what did he expect ? why did mr. king write this horrible story and why was it made into a movie ? it 's depressing and pointless ! my rating : * out of * * * * . 90 mins . r for violence .
this film was absolutely awful , i even feel uncomfortable calling it a film . its the typical `` mumblecore '' movie , with zero plot and a bunch of aimless whiny twenty somethings stumbling around trying to `` figure stuff out '' . i have tried to give mumblecore a chance , but lets be honest its just horrible . i am not out of sync with cinema , i appreciate dogme95 films , idioterne is one of my all time favorite films . so i do not mind if a film is cheaply made so long as there is some ( any ) substance . everything in this film is horrid , the acting , the writing ( or was it all improvised ? ) , the direction , but most of all , above everything else , the camera work was just plain and simple nonsense . the camera was never anywhere logical , there was no consistency . i got to admit being a guy i had heard there was nudity in this film so i thought to myself well even if its horrible at least there 's nudity ( yea i know , i 'm a jerk ) . well thanks to the uber crappy camera-work you never really get to see anything , and the things you do see , trust me - you do not want to see . this film made me want to vomit on numerous levels . the dialogue made me want to vomit , the camera-work made me want to vomit , but mostly the idea that this film was praised by some legit critics , well now that more than anything makes me want to vomit .
now that che ( 2008 ) has finished its relatively short australian cinema run ( extremely limited release:1 screen in sydney , after 6wks ) , i can guiltlessly join both hosts of `` at the movies '' in taking steven soderbergh to task . it 's usually satisfying to watch a film director change his style/subject , but soderbergh 's most recent stinker , the girlfriend experience ( 2009 ) , was also missing a story , so narrative ( and editing ? ) seem to suddenly be soderbergh 's main challenge . strange , after 20-odd years in the business . he was probably never much good at narrative , just hid it well inside `` edgy '' projects . none of this excuses him this present , almost diabolical failure . as david stratton warns , `` two parts of che do n't ( even ) make a whole '' . epic biopic in name only , che ( 2008 ) barely qualifies as a feature film ! it certainly has no legs , inasmuch as except for its uncharacteristic ultimate resolution forced upon it by history , soderbergh 's 4.5hrs-long dirge just goes nowhere . even margaret pomeranz , the more forgiving of australia 's at the movies duo , noted about soderbergh 's repetitious waste of ( hd digital storage ) : `` you 're in the woods ... you 're in the woods ... you 're in the woods ... '' . i too am surprised soderbergh did n't give us another 2.5hrs of that somewhere between his existing two parts , because he still left out massive chunks of che 's `` revolutionary '' life ! for a biopic of an important but infamous historical figure , soderbergh unaccountably alienates , if not deliberately insults , his audiences by 1. never providing most of che 's story ; 2. imposing unreasonable film lengths with mere dullard repetition ; 3. ignoring both true hindsight and a narrative of events ; 4. barely developing an idea , or a character ; 5. remaining claustrophobically episodic ; 6. ignoring proper context for scenes -- -whatever we do get is mired in disruptive timeshifts ; 7. linguistically dislocating all audiences ( even spanish-speakers will be confused by the incongruous expositions in english ) ; and 8. pointlessly whitewashing his main subject into one dimension . why , at this late stage ? the t-shirt franchise has been a success ! our sense of claustrophobia is surely due to peter buchman and benjamin vander veen basing their screenplay solely on guevara 's memoirs . so , like a poor student who has read only one of his allotted texts for his assignment , soderbergh 's product is exceedingly limited in perspective . the audience is held captive within the same constrained knowledge , scenery and circumstances of the `` revolutionaries '' , but that does n't elicit our sympathy . instead , it dawns on us that `` ah , soderbergh 's trying to hobble his audiences the same as the latino peasants were at the time '' . but these are the same illiterate latino peasants who sold out the good doctor to his enemies . why does soderbergh feel the need to equate us with them , and keep us equally mentally captive ? such audience straitjacketing must have a purpose . part2 is more chronological than part1 , but it 's literally mind-numbing with its repetitive bush-bashing , misery of outlook , and lack of variety or character arcs . deltoro 's che has no opportunity to grow as a person while he struggles to educate his own ill-disciplined troops . the only letup is the humour as che deals with his sometimes deeply ignorant `` revolutionaries '' , some of whom violently lack self-control around local peasants or food . we certainly get no insight into what caused the conditions , nor any strategic analyses of their guerrilla insurgency , such as it was . part2 's excruciating countdown remains fearfully episodic : again , nothing is telegraphed or contextualized . thus even the scenes with fidel castro ( demián bichir ) are unexpected and disconcerting . any selected events are portrayed minimally and latino-centrically , with part1 's interviews replaced by time-shifting meetings between the corrupt bolivian president ( joaquim de almeida ) and us government officials promising cia intervention ( ! ) . the rest of part2 's `` woods '' and day-for-night blue filter just exasperate the audience until they 're eyeing the exits . perhaps deltoro felt too keenly the frustration of many non-american latinos about never getting a truthful , unspun history of che 's exploits within their own countries . when foreign governments still wo n't deliver a free press to their people -- for whatever reason -- then one can see how a popular american indie producer might set out to entice the not-so-well-read ( `` i may not be able to read or write , but i 'm not illiterate ! '' -- cf.the inspector general ( 1949 ) ) out to their own local cinemas . the film 's obvious neglects and gross over-simplifications hint very strongly that it 's aiming only at the comprehensions of the less-informed who still speak little english . if they did , they 'd have read tomes on the subject already , and critiqued the relevant social issues amongst themselves -- learning the lessons of history as they should . such insights are precisely what societies still need -- and not just the remaining illiterate latinos of central and south america -- yet it 's what che ( 2008 ) gleefully fails to deliver . soderbergh buries his lead because he 's weak on narrative . i am gobsmacked why benicio deltoro deliberately chose soderbergh for this project if he knew this . it 's been 44yrs , hindsight about guevara was sorely wanted : it 's what i went to see this film for , but the director diabolically robs us of that . david stratton , writing in the australian ( 03-oct-2009 ) observed that while part1 was `` uneven '' , part2 actually `` goes rapidly downhill '' from there , `` charting che 's final campaign in bolivia in excruciating detail '' , which `` ... feels almost unbearably slow and turgid '' . che : the guerilla aka part2 is certainly no travelogue for bolivia , painting it a picture of misery and atavism . the entire second half is only redeemed by the aforementioned humour , and the dramatic -- yet tragic -- capture and execution of the film 's subject . the rest of this interminable cinema verite is just confusing , irritating misery -- shockingly , for a soderbergh film , to be avoided at all costs . it is bound to break the hearts of all who know even just a smattering about the subject . ( 2/10 )
this is one of the worst action films i have ever seen . this is particularly due to much of the factual implausibility ( like an obvious agent posing as a bank loan officer while making obvious that he is speaking to someone through a wire or the scene where the scientists assume it is safe to enter a room in which a virus has been released even though 'it has not found a viable host ' does not mean that it will never find one ) , the cheap sets ( the bank looks like it was poorly constructed to resemble a dungeon ) , and the bad acting . it is the story of an organized crime group that has successfully stolen a capsule of the lethal virus . however , the head honcho who decides to remove it from a bank security deposit box , does so at the same time a bank heist is going down , at the same fbi agents have been informed of this , and at the same time a terrible earthquake erupts . needless to say , the aftermath of the quake is messy in more ways than one . however , the results do not make for an enticing action film , but instead , one that has been obviously z-grade junk from the beginning of the film . ( perhaps this is why some of the screen captures on the packaging look to be created with computer graphics rather than being actual screen captures from various sequences of the film ) . what the hell ron perlman was doing in this , i have no idea . i wonder if he was as embarrassed to be in it as i was to have watched it .
the film released at the start of 2000 alongwith mela both disasters so sad to start a millennium with such nonsense the film seems to suit 70 's but looks like an unintentional comedy for 2000 anywayz some classic gems from the film : paresh rawal i do n't understand to laugh at his role or cry reason : he goes searching his mother in the village worst part is when he realises a secret of anil he keeps the secret in his stomach which becomes big and makes him look pregnant i remember in my childhood my teacher told me the same joke urrf ! ! ! ! as a child i laughed at it that time but here ? the whole film is a joke ca n't explain we have anil in a dual role ( one older and younger ) and rekha playing the older 's wife and raveena the youngers we also have reject harish while shakti playing the son of aruna irani who both fight on who has the worst wig direction is outdated music is bad anil tries hard looks too old in the younger role and too young in the older role yet good effort rekha is adequate , raveena too is okay harish is bad shakti kapoor is terrible aruna irani is as usual rajnikant is okay in a cameo
* mccabe and mrs. miller * takes place in the turn-of-the-century pacific northwest . into a soggy , muddy mining camp john mccabe ( a hirsute warren beatty ) comes barging , full of cigar smoke and big ideas about building a proper saloon/whorehouse for the town , replete with a trio of the sorriest whores in movie history . he also comes with an unearned reputation as a gunslinger : too shameful about this to blatantly advertise it , but not exactly afraid to use it in order to assert alpha-male credentials amongst the locals . and thus he wrangles the boys into building his saloon at the rate of 15 cents an hour . it looks to be a rather sorry operation until mrs. miller ( julie christie ) shows up on a startling contraption that 's half-railroad car , half-automobile ( where did altman find that thing ? ) . mrs. miller immediately takes on mccabe as a business partner , with the aim of classing up the new joint with proper whores and an insistence that all visitors take a bath before entering . noting that mccabe does n't know how to add , she also insists on handling the accounts . it 's not clear what mccabe 's function will be . the plot thickens when a pair of oily representatives from the mining company show up in town and offer mccabe to buy him out for five grand . mccabe tells them to buzz off -- he 's holding out for fifteen thousand . the company finds negotiation distasteful , so they hire a trio of assassins to simply kill mccabe . . . though how they think they can get away with murdering a man in broad daylight in the center of town is as unclear as mccabe 's function in the whorehouse partnership . ( excusing this whopping plot hole on the grounds that the locals would be too cowed to talk does n't cut the mustard when one considers that any reward-money offered by the local marshal would be pretty tempting . ) * mccabe and mrs. miller * , purportedly `` classic seventies cinema '' , should be a lot better than it is . the movie tells a pretty good story ; the main characters have the potential to be interesting . there are some striking scenes , especially one involving what looks to be a 14-year-old stone-cold killer . but it 's really , really hard to enjoy a movie when you can hardly hear what anyone is saying and when you can hardly see what anyone is doing . once again , this director hijacks his own movie with sheer barnyard laziness and sloppiness . according to the trivia-sheet here on imdb , the movie 's editor griped to altman that the sound was muddy ; altman disagreed ; and when everyone said the sound was muddy after the movie 's release , altman blamed the editor . ( nice . ) along with the bad sound , the movie has an atrocious look . only robert altman can hire a world-class dp like vilmos zsigmond and make a movie that looks as if they sprayed the camera lenses with dirty dishwater . reviewers here who praise the `` dark brown glow '' of this picture have got to be kidding me . the interiors are shot through what appears to be a dark scum . the exterior photography is even worse : it 's as if altman placed 500 fog machines behind the copious trees . during the climactic stretch , when beatty is dodging the assassins while the local church is on fire , altman insists on pretty much wholly obscuring the view with an animated snow-fall that reminds one of a rankin-bass christmas special . look -- i ca n't watch a movie under these conditions . get back to me when you learn how to place boom mikes , when you remove all that annoying `` altman-esque '' overlapping dialog , and when you wipe the lenses with some windex , or something . 3 stars out of 10 .
the name of nick stahl , the young cast and the attractive cover of the vhs made me buy and watch this flick , expecting to see a good teen slash movie . what a crap ! the full of clichés screenplay , the dialogs and the performances are awful , dreadful , very bad , terrible , horrendous – summarizing , a complete waste of time . there is no horror , black humor , only an absolutely boring story , with shameful plot points . the film begins with six characters , indeed three couples , together like a group of friends , but indeed very nasty persons that seems to be enemies , playing a ridiculous senseless game called `` taboo '' , and with each one of them writing yes or no for certain taboo issues . that is it : no previous development of the characters , the viewer does not know who they are , their motives and relationship . then , there is an ellipsis to one year later , and the same group is gathered together in a new years eve party , insulting each other in a very sordid way . but the plot and the twists are so ridiculous , predictable , mediocre and unbelievable that do not deserve any additional line in my review . one advice only : do not waste your time or money on this garbage , you will certainly regret . my vote is one ( awful ) . title ( brazil ) : `` taboo – jogando com o assassino '' ( `` taboo – playing with the killer '' )
i tend to like character-driven films . i also think hope davis turns in consistently good work , so i had high hopes for this movie . those hopes were soon dashed . the main flaw with this movie is the direction . there are a lot of scenes that are daydream sequences . the movie makes frequent use of the denis leary character as the alter ego of the campbell scott character . it does n't work for me at all . this would have worked better as a play than a movie . there are problems with the plot as well . it is important that the characters in a movie take a journey and end up in a place different from where they started . i did n't feel that the characters grew in the experiences portrayed in the movie . finally , the editing was n't well done , either . there was a very big sag in the middle of the movie that was exceptionally boring . except for acting , which i felt was consistently strong , this movie failed in almost every aspect of cinema .
epsilon , a.k.a . alien visitor , is not what i expected . this is a no-budget australian film with no special effects other than speeded-up film and quick scene cuts . the female alien ( who comes over immediately able to speak perfectly accented australian ) can `` blip '' from place to place or time to time and alter her perception of the flow of time to match the `` faster '' humans . an elderly grandmother tells her two granddaughters about a story a wandering man told her 40 years before , when an unnamed `` she '' came to the planet naked and completely disoriented , unable to recognize which star in the sky she came from ... she meets a man alone camping in the australian outback , apparently bewildering him . she is here by `` mistake '' , and gets angry when she is told she is on earth . the earthlings are known as consummate despoilers of the environment and a metaphor for the most insulting thing imaginable to the rest of the universe : those who `` breathe the foul air '' but do nothing about it , sticking their heads under the sand like an ostrich . in another amusing metaphor , earthlings are `` frogs '' . from there , it is entirely a film about dialogue , as the perplexed man tries to understand she 's peculiar psychology and viewpoints , even as she calls him unintelligent and `` quaint '' . the man begins to realize maybe it 's humans who are irrational and not thinking straight . yet , while waiting to be `` beamed up '' back home , she sees that this human is not entirely faulty in his thinking and even falls in love with him . the dialogue about perspectives is in spots interesting , but it is all layered with a heavy-handed environmental message and a low-budget feel ( there are only two main actors , who blip around various deserted scenes , and the evil despoiling humans on the planet are never seen at all ) . the environmental message offers no solutions , but paints one or two dire metaphors about what will happen to nature and man if something is n't done . the logic also does n't hang together : the rest of the universe has `` given up '' on earth , yet one space woman caught on earth by mistake manages to effect some positive change by the conclusion of the movie . what would a battalion of aliens deliberately sent here manage to achieve against pollution and waste ?
this movie stinks ! you will want back the two-plus hours it takes to get through it . sliding doors , w/ gwyenth paltrow and directed by peter howit , did what melinda & melinda tries to do much much much better . that movie was clever , witty , and well-acted . i cared about what happened to both gwyenths -- or rather the characters she played -- and the performances by supporting cast were fantastic . where as melinda & melinda is tiresome , the dialogue is contrived and i could have cared less about any of these people -- least of all melinda . one melinda is so dysfunctional -- her first glass of wine is at 10 a.m. -- and so melodramatic she is laughable , and not in the comedic sense . the 2nd melinda is fine , but forgettable . woody allen 's previous ensemble movies worked because , i 'm guessing , he spent time on the screenplay and the actors were talented . one piece of trivia for this movie is that he wrote this screenplay in two months : you can tell . and while chloe sevigny is talented -- those around her are not , not enough to be a whole presence . the movie ends up being chloe sevigny and a bunch of other people you know you 've seen in other movies but ca n't quite remember which ones . sad , very sad .
let me start by stating that i usually do like renny harlin 's directing style , for the most part , and that the cinematographer should be commended for some the shots . unlike harlin 's `` elm street 4 '' , and `` die hard 2 '' which i really liked , there is something that is missing from this movie . that , my friends , is a script . the dialogue in movies like this is always pretty awful , but this one takes the gold medal for stupidity . there are so many awful lines in this movie , i do n't even want to have to remember any of them . not just that but the execution of the lines is pathetic and seems more suited toward a bad porn movie than an action adventure . it 's almost like harlin thought that if they slowed down the words being said , they could improve the script . wrong again . the sad part is that there is some talented actors thrown into bad roles with worse dialogue . stallone has never been a favorite of mine , but when he is acting circles around lithgow , turner , and the worst of the bunch rooker , there is something wrong with this picture . lithgow played one of the best villains in `` ricochet '' , yet comes across as someone who ca n't act to save his life here . how is that possible ? i 've always been a huge fan of his and he gets schooled in acting by stallone , who himself still phoned-in his performance . turner 's part is so small and pointless , but she still manages to appear lost on screen . michael rooker can act . i know this because i have witnessed it in `` days of thunder '' , but he seems like he is reading his lines from cue cards . has it come to this ? when rooker and lithgow have scenes together where they are speaking , i just wanted the movie to end right there , or have them both amazingly find their acting ability . unfortunately , neither of those things occurred . which brings me back to harlin , who can be the only one to really blame for this mess other than the screenwriters . it 's his fault that i was never drawn into this movie at all , because he should have made the people actually act . the script is not very good , but still the actors ' performances are what destroys this movie and that has to lie with the director . i do n't care how much was paid for the special effects , which for the most part are good , you still ca n't just sacrifice the movie with terrible acting . plus , the pacing of this movie seems to be off . the opening sequence was good and the plane scene was very well done , but how are you supposed to care about the outcome of the heist at all . i mean i understand that they were trying to create tension with all of the bells and whistles of the plane scene , but i really did n't care if they got the money or not in that scene . if the bad guy 's would have won early , maybe i would n't have had to witness one of the worst movies ever !
talk about your waste of money .. im just wondering why michael would star in such a turkey of a movie .. michael is a great actor especially in the movie where he plays a man dying of cancer .. that was wonderful . as he tapes himself for his son to see it once he grows up .. michael is such a talented actor .. so what made him do this one ? ? ? i watched it and thought it was really dumb .. i guess at one time in their career they have the crappy movies .. especially `` the squeeze '' i didnt understand that one at all , and i feel his best performance was in `` pacific heights '' , his character really creeped me out .. and i really enjoyed `` multiplicity '' . .that one was so hilarious ! ! ! and he was just perfect for the role of `` batman '' .. and i kind of liked `` night shift '' and i love `` johnny dangerously '' too .. just too bad some of them end up doing lousy movies .. like this one was ...
it makes the actors in hollyoaks look like the royal shakespeare company . this movie is jaw dropping in how appalling it is . turning the dvd player off was not a sufficient course of action . i want to find the people responsible for this disaster and slap them around the face . i will never get that time back . never . how is it possible to create such a banal , boring and soulless film ? i could not think of a course of action that would relieve the tedium . writing the required ten lines is incredibly difficult for such a disgraceful piece of cinema . what more can you say than reiterate how truly awful the acting is . please avoid .
this movie was rented by a friend . her choice is normally good . i read the cover first and was expecting a good movie . although it was a horror movie . which i do n't prefer . but no horror came to mind while watching the movie . it was a dull , not very entertaining movie . the appearance of denise richards was again a pleasure for the eye . but that 's it . we ( the four of us ) we 're a little bit disappointed . but feel free to see this movie and judge it yourself .
i saw most of the episodes of rmftm as a teenager on `` cliffhanger theater '' running after midnight on a local station some years ago , and then again when mystery science theatre riffed on it in the early 90 's . time has not been kind to it . i can certainly make allowances for the special effects , which were quite impressive for a low budget 50 's serial ( imo commando cody 's flying scenes were better than george reeves/superman 's in his tv show ) . and i can also make allowances for the ahem , `` acting '' , and fight choreography - . except for the guy who plays the ruler of the moon men . he is incredibly miscast . he looks and acts like the fellow who comes to fix your plumbing , not the despotic ruler of an alien race . even the corny dialog works all right - everyone rattles off their lines like strings of firecrackers , with no wasted time or pauses for things like `` thought '' or `` introspection '' . since everyone does this , the viewer finds it immersive after awhile , and even to my modern sensibilities , it does n't bother much . what really irritates me is the writing and the plotting . i 'm not talking about the sunny weather on the moon , or baking soda powered rocket ships , or a flying suit that has controls labeled `` up/down '' and `` fast/slow '' . i 'm not even bothered by the cheesiness of the resolutions to the cliffhangers that end each chapter . i 'm talking about the fact that our supposed heroes are dumber than fence posts and have no cumulative memory . and by the fact that although that the dialog clips along like an express train , the plot goes through the same motions again and again . dig it : commando cody and his pal are the spearhead of a top secret hi tech science lab charged with protecting earth ( or at least the usa ) against an insidious alien invasion . but his office has no guards or security checkpoints . they do n't even have locks on the front doors . so the bad guys walk right in and beat the crap out of the cody and his staff ... not once ( perhaps understandable ) but several times . they even kidnap his female assistant on the second try . and they never get any smarter . to further prove my point , allow me to point out the way that cody jumps in his flying suit and flies around getting into trouble and never actually seems to succeed in catching anyone . he does this over and over and over . cody also flies his ship to the moon ( the woman assistant comes along to cook ) , stays for about 30 seconds and immediately turns around and comes back . cody captures one of the atomic ray guns ... and immediately loses it again to the bad guys because he could n't be bothered to lock it up . and so on . and you would think that if cody 's efforts were so vital to saving the usa from the moon men , that he might ask for a few soldiers with carbines , a few helicopters and a tank or two to back him up , instead of just working with the local police all the time . this was supposed to be a military operation , but they act like it 's another episode of `` gangbusters '' . it 's all rather hard to stomach . i appreciate that the creators were severely limited in the scope of their story by budget and time constraints ... and i appreciate that cody is actually a reasonably tough hombre ( even though he loses half of his fistfights ) . but i just ca n't help yelling `` door ! lock the doooor ! ! '' when the gangsters simply walk into his lab , or try to blow up the ship and there are no security measures at the landing site in place ... not even a fence ( ! ) . still , it 's ok. of the three republic serials i 've watched , `` phantom creeps '' had a better plot , and `` undersea kingdom '' had more atmosphere ( hah ! ) and a better hero than `` radar men '' , but it 's an ok time-waster . btw ... why `` radar '' men ? they did n't use radar , they used atomic ray guns . should n't the title have been `` atomic ray gun men from the moon ? ''
there is a really good movie lurking just beneath the surface of the layers upon layers of cheese that is `` the pagemaster '' . i found this out when i watched this again this morning after neglecting it for years and years . i remember hating it with a passion when it first came out , but this time , i found that the special effects are quite good . the plot is just `` the neverending story '' with a creativity-endectomy , but it 's an okay little flick for anyone who just wants some really awesome eye-candy . the animation is amazing , and i especially liked how the animators let their characters look and act a bit more surrealistic than the norm . i 'm giving it a grade of three as i * would * have given it a two ( just for parody value ) if i had ever decided to watch this movie expecting it to absolutely blow my mind story-wise .
i just saw this movie , and i have to say that it was a big waste of time . the girl who played eva ( ellen fjaestad ) ca n't act at all . she read her lines very un-naturally , and she had a very un-natural facial expression through the entire movie . rosanna munter who played petra on the other hand , is a natural . she played her part with great perfection . spoilers ! the story was simple - we 've seen it many , many times before . she breaks up , he finds another , she get jealous , he breaks up with the other girl and they end up back together in the end . there were no surprises at all , one knew that eva would break up , and that adam would `` hook up '' with petra . the only thing that nobody saw coming was that petra told adam to go after eva at the party . she became all serious , which is a side of petra the viewers had n't seen earlier in the movie , and told him to win eva 's heart back , which was really cute . besides rosanna munter , there is n't a single actor who gives a memorable performance . this is a mediocre movie with mediocre actors , so i do n't recommend it !
the sitcom `` the league of gentlemen '' follows the lives of several bizarre inhabitants of the fictional village `` royston vasey '' . the different scenes are linked together by their common setting . in the first series , a sketch show , the main plot deals with a new road which is going to be built through royston vasey . consequently , more foreigners visit the small town . but edward and tubbs , the owners of a `` local '' shop , which is actually far away from the town , do not like foreigners . whenever a visitor enters their shop , they kill him . in my opinion some scenes are kind of tasteless and not funny at all , for example , when the couple absorb two engineers who want to build the new road . edward drums , while tubbs is dancing half naked around the victims . moreover pauline lives in royston vasey . she works at the local job centre . although pauline hates the people she has to work with , the woman does not want to loose her job . so when an unemployed man gets an interview as fireman , she does not allow him to go because he is not ready for the job yet . then there is barbara dixton , a transsexual taxi driver who goes into great detail about `` her '' sexual conversion . furthermore the vet , mr. chinnery , always kills animals instead of curing them . in one case , he comes to a farm and is leaded into the sitting room , where a dog lays in his basket . the farmer goes outside . on the assumption that the dog is the sick animal , mr. chinnery euthanizes him . a second later , the farmer opens the door , holding the `` real '' sick animal , a sheep , in his hand . some more inhabitants are a husband and his wife who are visited by their nephew ( his friend is killed by the shop owners , by the way ) . the couple is very tidy . they have , for example , towels in different colours . each colour stands for one part of the body . besides , they have thousands of keys , marked with different colours and precisely classified . in my opinion , the actors play very well . by playing women , the scenes become comical . the costumes are suited to the actors , too . tubbs is wearing a scarf and some crazy characters , for example edward , have unappetizing black teeth . the show has a great deal of dark humour , typical british . the set design reflects the mood of the series . the village and all the houses look grey and are decayed . around the local shop there is often fog which strengthens the threatening effect . even the village sign is ominous : `` welcome to royston vasey . you will never leave . '' although i think that the actors do a great job , this type of series is not my taste .
jean claude van damme tries to rescue his career by making the sequel of universal soldier . but , did that movie saved him ? i think he goes to hell , after he dies . in the first minute , we see the inside of a facility , where you can see the bad guy of the film . scary , huh ? but not as scary as the acting ( details are following ) . then , we see van damme with a black girl ( do not remember the name .... well it does n't matter anyway ) , trying to escape from some muscle-men . of course they are the new universal-soldiers . more muscels , less brain ( just like the movie ) . after a while , van damme fights goldberg but then the `` mission '' gets aborted . it was just a test ( is this movie a test for our nerves ? ) . it turns out that van damme works for the government on the new universal soldier project ( who has seen the first movie may think that this is the most unlogical thing , that yould van dammes character could do ) . but it is a sequel . and a `` story '' has to come up . ah , i forgot . he has a daughter . very important for the `` story '' . well , after about 20 minutes , a super computer hears a conversation about shutting it down and quitting he project . of course the cube gets angry and activates all soldiers to kill everyone . van damme escapes from the facility but the computer sends some soldiers hunting him ( it wants van damme as a soldier - because he is the best ( really ? ) ) . and guess what , goldberg is one of the hunters , who was always a silly sentence for the audience before he gets asskicked . funny ? yes , just like the rest of the film . after some `` story '' , van damme tries to rescue his daughter ( of his wife - the reporter in the first movie ) . it comes to a final show down where van damme fights the bad guy and you can see the most expensive scene of the whole movie ( please see for yourself . it is just too funny to tell ) . you 'll see that this movie is a waste of time . so do not watch it . but if you do , keep a sixpack with you !
i rented this by mistake . i thought , after a cursory examination of the box , that this was a time-travel/sci-fi story . instead , it 's a `` christian '' story , and i suppose is fairly typical example . if you are sold on the message you probably will overlook the awkwardness of the plot/acting/etc. , but i found it rather painful . i have to admit that i 'm bothered by the rewriting of history in this story . it paints the 1890 's as some sort of paradise of family values and morality ( a character is aghast that 5 % of marriages end in divorce ! ) , but it overlooks very unsavory sides of this `` highly moral '' society ( rigid racial , sexual , and social discrimination were widespread , for instance ) . and at one point the hero complains to a clothing store owner about things that sound not all that different than the complaints of some iranian leaders about women 's clothing styles ( as reported in a recent wsj ) . overall , thought , i suppose that it 's the sort of thing you 'll like if you like this sort of thing , and it 's certainly wholesome ...
if you like occasional nudity with junior high school level slap stick comedy , then look no further . starting at about the halfway point , the beautiful and erotic arielle dombasle starts disrobing at every opportunity . that is the only thing that made this movie worth watching . the story is both lame and preposterous , the humor is corny , and character development is basically non-existent .
first , the cgi in this movie was horrible . i watched it during a marathon of bad movies on the scifi channel . at the end when the owner of the park gets killed , it 's probably one of the worst examples of cgi i have even seen . even night of the living dead had better animation . that said , the movie had almost no plot . why were they on that island in particular ? well , it was n't stated in the movie . and , why would the people keep coming into the cat 's area ? makes no sense . one thing that stood out in this movie was moderately good acting . in what could be called a `` b made for tv movie '' movie , the acting was very good . parry shen stood out in particular . if you have absolutely nothing to do on a saturday , watch this movie . it may be good for some memorable quotes .
i saw this movie a few days ago and gamely jumped during the scary parts . i must admit , i found it pretty decent ... until i started to think about what the characters were saying . logical problems : 1 . her boyfriend , who seems to be a pretty fit dude , makes no sound while being killed . do n't you think that he might have at least tried to take the killer ? 2 . when the remark is made that the gym teacher is `` soooo in love with lisa , '' i almost screamed at the screen . when your best friend 's family has been killed by a teacher who was in love with her , you do n't make comments like that if you have half of a heart . 3 . as soon as nash asks the uncle how many exits they have in the house and the uncle catches on that there may be danger ahead , would n't the smart thing to do be to get donna , boyfriend , aunt , and uncle into a car and drive far , far away , then bait the house with the hrt and police force so that the killer has no way to get out ? i could go on . and on . and on . basically , the plot was decent , the characters were n't profiled enough for you to actually feel any empathy when they were slaughtered and there were way too many errors . however . this movie might be good for teenagers , or young couples just looking for a fun night out . if you do n't consider all the goofs , it 's a mediocre film .
this film is a travesty , and is n't fit to keep company with the superior original . the plot is an absolute mess , and the film is way too long . everytime they 're struggling , they desperately inject a sentimental reminder from the first film . `` gregory 's girl '' is one of the top 10 british films of all time , this one is awful .
( aka : demons iii ) made for italian tv although shot in english and was never meant to be a sequel to the earlier demons films . it was supposed to be simply titled , the ogre , which is how director lamberto bava had released it . an american family rents an italian villa for the summer . the woman ( virginia bryant ) has recurring dreams of herself as a little girl going down to the old wine-cellar of this villa an encountering this cocoon-like structure hanging down from the ceiling . it glows and is covered in cobwebs and has what looks like spider or insect legs hanging down from it . it drips what looks like green paint . of course the husband does n't believe any of this . the villa just is old and creaks and makes strange noises in the middle of the night and she should just ignore it . but then the ogre itself appears in what looks like some kind of 16th centaury costume with what looks like a wolf 's head attached to it and it 's attracted to the scent of orchids . the films is n't really that bad and at least the dialog is halfway intelligent without the ridiculous awkward phrases that dubbing would bring . there 's no real gore other than some skeletons rotting in a basement pond that really looks like the bottom of a modern swimming pool . the ogre itself just simply fades away after it is run over by the family 's jeep cherokee . the copy of the shriek dvd i watched was defective , with the picture going black for a few seconds about a half an hour into the film , a flaw i hope shriek has since corrected . extras include a short interview with lamberto bava where he explains how this was n't a sequel , etc .. etc ... along with some trailers to other shriek dvd releases . this is pretty standard stuff . 3 out of 10
the movie starts with a pair of campers , a man and a woman presumably together , hiking alone in the vast wilderness . sure enough the man hears something and it pangs him so much he goes to investigate it . our killer greets him with a stab to the stomach . he then chases the girl and slashes her throat . the camera during the opening scene is from the point of view as the killer . we next meet our four main characters , two couples , one in which is on the rocks . the men joke about how the woman would never be able to handle camping alone at a double date , sparking the token blonde 's ambition to leave a week early . unexpectedly , the men leave the same day and their car breaks down .. they end up arriving in the evening . when the men arrive , they are warned about people disappearing in the forest by a crazy ralph doppleganger . they ignore the warning and venture into the blackening night and an eighties song plays in the background with lyrics about being murdered in the dark forest . the men get lost . in the next scene we realize that this is n't just another the burning clone , but a ghost story ! the women , scared and lonely are huddling together by the fire . two children appear in the shadows and decide to play peeping tom . well they are obviously ghosts by the way their voices echo ! their mother appears with blood dripping from a hole in her forehead and asks the two ladies if they 've seen her children , before disappearing of course . the children run home to papa and tell him about the two beautiful ladies by the river . this causes quite a stir and he gets up , grabbing his knife from atop the fireplace . `` daddy 's going hunting , '' the little girl , exclaims with bad acting . it is apparent here , that the dad is n't a ghost like his children . freaked out by something in the woods , the token blonde splits , running blindly into the night , carrying a knife . she encounters the father who explains he 's starving and it will be quick . this does n't make sense because of the panther growls we heard earlier ( maybe he 's allergic ! are panthers honestly even in california ? ) she ends up wounding him slightly before getting stabbed in the head . a thunderstorm erupts and the men seek shelter , which turns out to be where papa resides . clearly someone lives here because there 's a fire and something weird is roasting over it . the children appear and warn them of papa , who shows up moments later . they disappear as soon as he arrives . for whatever reason , our killer only goes after females . he invites the men to have something to eat and tells us the story about his ex wife . we are given a flashback of his wife getting caught cheating . the old man does n't tell them however that he kills her and her lover afterwards , but daydreams about it . we are n't given the reason for the children 's demise . the men go to sleep and are left unharmed . the next morning the men discover the empty campground of their wives . after a brief discussion they split up . one is to stay at the campsite , while the other goes and gets help . the one that is going back to his car breaks his leg . we are then reunited with the children as they explain to the surviving woman that they are ghosts who killed themselves from being sad about their mother . they agree to help the woman reunite with her friends the following scene defies the logic of the movie when papa kills the guy waiting at the campsite . he was also dating or married to the blonde . somehow the children realize he is murdered and tell the woman about it . she decides to see it for herself and obviously runs into the killer . luckily the children make him stop by threatening to leave him forever . you know where this is going . overall the movie deserves four stars out of ten , and that 's being generous . for all its misgivings , the musical score is well done . it 's still watchable too . there are some camera angles that look professional , and some of the sets are done well . the plot is unbelievable . there is such a thing as willing suspension of disbelief , but with the toad 6 miles away ; i ca n't imagine the token blonde would take off like that in the middle of the night . i mean , come on ! - alan `` skip '' bannacheck
( first of all , excuse my bad english ) of course only a movie starring jessica simpson can include serious goofs like this .. i 'm a norwegian and i felt offended and shocked the makers of this movie did not take the time to do their research upon making this american/ '' norwegian '' movie . even wikipedia is more accurate when it comes to facts about this country . so i 'm posting my corrections out of my frustration : -the country is named norway , not norwegia . - '' da '' is russian , not norwegian . -norwegian priests never use those black capes with that white paper by the neck as the protestant church is the dominant by far -it 's true we have a native traditional folk-outfit ( that we only use like twice a year ) but the outfit in this movie is more like a german outfit . -i could not understand the so called `` norwegian '' in this movie .. jessica was not making any sense .. neighter did the `` norwegian priests '' the only thing i recognise is the norwegian flag ( and the viking hats , but that 's so stereotypic what people think about norway - vikings ! : o gosh ) well .. i guess the people who made this film will never read this comment . but at least i cleared some things up and got rid of some of that frustration .. ! i 'm proud of my country and i 'd love if people in the us were less stereotypic and more accurate when they talk about this country . that was all .. lenge leve norge ! ; p
geordies ... salt of the earth characters ... bricklayers ... beer ... geordies ... happy go lucky ... adventures working abroad ... salt of the earth characters ... warm wonderful people ... tyne bridge ( tear in the eye ) ... brown ale ... salt of the earth characters ... cute little red indians children in newcastle united tops ... emetic ... geordies ... salt of the earth characters ... etc etc etc .... please . this is so poor . and you should know better timothy spall . they ca n't have paid you that much . as for jimmy nail . well the kindest thing that can be said is that he is every bit as good an 'actor ' as he is a singer and writer . come on jimmy , the joke 's over . 'crocodile shoes ' and 'spender ' were very funny , unfortunately i do n't think they were supposed to be . with 'auf wiedersehen pet ' the opposite applies .
i should qualify that title , now that i think about it . checkout is not entirely worthless . i 've had the opportunity to see it twice , and on the second time i did get a great laugh at the movie 's expense . so i guess it 's worth something for that . and also it 's worthwhile for the excruciating pain it caused me on my first viewing . as another reviewer pointed out , this film is hackneyed in every sense of the word . not a single original thought went into this movie ( which makes the comment below about the originality of the premise entirely baffling to me ) . the film is nothing but a long line of cliches which are strung together and paraded around as a movie . it is definitely not the next clerks , it is definitely not original , and it is absolutely not `` good , clean fun . '' the film is absolute agony to the uninitiated ( after seeing it a first time , the second time can be quite funny , in an insulting sort of way ) . as i looked around the theater , it was obvious that nearly everyone , barring perhaps the elderly , were completely bored or pained by this movie . during some of the particularly emotional scenes , like where nick chews out his mother , the audience was actually cringing because it was so poorly done . i even heard someone * groan * in the theater , something i had heretofore never witnessed . i do n't care where you have the chance to see this movie , be it at a film festival , or in a indie theater , or wherever . do yourself a favor , skip this movie with a vengeance . unless you 're like me and just ca n't resist the opportunity to see what may truly be the worst movie ever made .
oh , well , this movie starts off well . it 's kinda funny and seems like it could be a fun movie . then it becomes a bit serious and goes off the rails . it sort of wants to be 'boogie nights ' but it ca n't achieve it . if only it stayed with the tone of the first quarter of the film ...
i was really horrified by this eerie movie . what an unusual dark atmosphere . and such a creepy musical score . really promising ! indeed , after ten minutes you really start sweating , and feeling uncomfortable , for you start fearing the worst . this movie has the atmosphere of a true nightmare , and what 's worse-it all comes out . for one hour and a half i have been trying to fight complete boredom and falling asleep , but the monstrous soundtrack kept me awake . nuit noire is a truly horrifying picture - for your eyes , your ears , your intelligence , and most of all : your wallet , since the thought of spending precious money on a movie ticket for this cheap amateuristic homevideo is the biggest horror of all .
prison is set in wyoming where work on a new prison has hit a problem so the state board decide to re-open an old state penitentiary that has been closed for 20 years , warden eaton sharpe ( lane smith ) is put in charge . 200 odd prisoners are shipped in & they are put to work fixing the rundown prison up including burke ( viggo mortensen ) who is ordered to break into the old execution chamber , he duly obliges but when he penetrates the bricked up door an intense beam of light shoots out & all the electrics , gas & fire around the prison goes crazy for a few minutes . burke has unwittingly unleashed a deadly evil force which is in the mood for some killing & no-one is safe ... directed by renny harlin i thought prison was a poor late 80 's horror flick that seemed to forget about the small point of having a story . the script was by empire pictures regular c. courtney joyner who was responsible for writing such 'classics ' as class of 1999 ( 1990 ) , puppet master iii : toulon 's revenge ( 1991 ) & puppet master vs . demonic toys ( 2004 ) amongst other low budget horror crap that even i have n't heard of & seems to take itself very seriously . the biggest problems i have with prison are that it 's far too slow , it 's over 30 minutes into the film before the 'evil force ' is even released although the pace does pick up towards the end but by then it was too little too late as far as i was concerned , then there 's the fact there 's no discernible storyline here at all . for a start it never tries to explain why there 's an 'evil force ' bricked up in the old execution chamber , it never explains why this force decides to kill random inmates when it 's supposed to be out on a revenge mission or why it just does n't kill warden sharpe straight away , no explanation is given to where burke fits into it even though he looks exactly the same as the prisoner who was electrocuted & has come back , there 's no real explanation as to how the warden is connected to everything that 's going on apart from two early nightmare sequences in which he seems to be remembering something although it 's never revealed what it is or why . to be honest i could n't really give you a plot synopsis as the film does n't have a rigid story which it follows all the way through . the character 's are dull & forgettable , the murders are few & far between , the pacing is way off , the whole film is a mess & even ghosts ca n't shoot straight when it comes to trying to shoot the hero . a less than satisfactory way to spend 100 odd minutes , there really are better things you could be doing . director harlin 's full american flick debut he does a good job & there 's a decent atmosphere but after over an hour of constant drab , dull , dark prison cells & corridors i started to get bored . i just think the look of the film is far too repetitive , bland & frankly lifeless . i did n't think it was scary & the gore is pretty tame apart from the best moment in the entire film when a police guard gets killed when a load of barb wire wraps itself around his body & face with a nice close up of his throat being torn open . other than that there 's a burnt corpse & a mangled body which falls from the ceiling & very little else . there is a scene when the warden burns all the prisoner mattresses in front of them & then makes them stand all night in their underwear in the yard , i was watching this scene & thought that you 'd never get away with doing something like that . over here prisoners have rights & if the warden did something like that there would be a national outcry from all those humanitarians & every prisoner would sue the warden , the prison service & the government for everything they had & they 'd win ! with a supposed budget of about $ 4,000,000 prison actually had a pretty healthy budget although it does n't really look like it on screen , sure there 's a decent cast & the few special effects that are included are good but overall it 's set in the same location with limited ambition . prison was actually shot in a real wyoming state prison so it certainly looks the business . the acting is alright , prison proves that sometimes hollywood stars not only have one crap horror film skeleton in their closets but in the case of mortensen he has two with this & the awful the return of the texas chainsaw massacre ( 1994 ) both of which i 'm sure he 'd like to forget about ... prison is a dull , lifeless , colourless & humourless waste of 100 minutes , despite one good gore scene i did n't like it at all as i actually prefer my films to have a story rather than seemingly random events & incidents cobbled together with no narrative sense .
i remember devil dog playing on tbs almost 20 years ago , and my older sister and her friends watching it and laughing all the next day . it 's not that bad for a made-for-tv horror movie , but it is derivative ( mostly of the exorcist ) and businesslike , for lack of a better word . it wo n't blow you away with artful cinematography or great acting , but it 's not a waste of time , either . it 's the kind of movie you watch to kill a couple of hours when you are n't in the mood to think too hard . however , if you go into the movie looking for some laughs , you wo n't be disappointed . the early scenes , with lucky the devil dog as a cute little puppy with children of the damned eyes are hilariously non-threatening , and the climactic blue-screen effects of a giant black dog ( with horns ! ) are pretty side-splitting . and keep an eye out for the cloaked satanist in maverick shades toward the beginning . not a great horror film by any stretch of the imagination , but i wish they still made stuff like this for tv .
`` true '' story of three girls who go into the wilds of connecticut and end up hunted by a maniac in the woods . this is the sort of film that would have played in the drive ins across america thirty years ago to mixed acclaim . not particularly much of anything the film works with its low budget to mixed results . the film is watchable but is n't at all scary ( blame how some of the attack scenes for that ) . its the sort of film that you 'll probably forget about once you 're done with it . odds are that you 're never going to think to see this unless its handed to you by someone and told , `` here watch this '' , which is what happened to me . if you 're handed a copy give it back , the film is n't worth the effort to see it even if it is watchable .
omen iv ( 1991 ) was a bad made-for-t.v . movie . since the 80 's were over , i guess the executives were experimenting in meth ( the drug of choice during the 90 's ) because there is no other reason to explain this travesty . why did they even bother making this ? a t.v . movie ? what were they mulling over when this one came up on the idea board ? did they even think for a second that this movie would catch on as . perhaps they thought it could make it as a series ? we 'll never know . but i know one thing . this movie was the major reason why i never bought the omen trilogy . they should have knocked off a couple of bucks instead of putting out this `` extra '' disc . omen iv is basically a average american family remake of the first film . instead of a snot nosed punk kid , we get the spooky girl who 's a total brat to everyone around her . if the family had stronger parenting skills , then none of the demonic events that have transpired in the past films would have never occurred . these parents need to put their foot down and do some real discipline ! not recommended , best to avoid at all cost !
this remake of the 1962 orginal film ' o the book has some very good parts to commend it and some fine performances by some fine actors - however scorsese opts toward the end for the most formulaic of plot twists and an embarrassingly overacted shakespearean demise that had me looking at my watch . deniro is a superb actor , dedicated to giving his all in the work he does , however he needs direction to focus his talent , and this is sorely lacking in the last five minutes of the film . gregory peck 's cameo is serviceable but nothing more whilst robert michum is always fun to watch , even with as few lines as this . nick nolte turns in a better performance than lorenzo 's oil but is not on the same form as `` weeds '' . joe don baker has some great lines while juliette lewis proves yet again that talent sometimes skips a generation . some good points ? the start credits ( ! ) , the first view of cody 's back when doing dips in the prison , the scene where cody is attacked with baseball bats , sam bowden 's decent into full-fledged panic , cody 's outwardly calm but unnerving prescence . the worst ? the `` cleaning woman - but not really ! ! ! '' part . clinging bare-handed to the underside of a car for a hundred miles at high speed . ( are there no speed bumps in the us ? ) the `` he 's dead - but not really ! ! ! '' parts and the aforementioned rambling ending . i may watch the original again , but i 've yet to be tempted to watch the remake in four years since seeing it .
you could say that the actors will make a movie , but this clearly proves that statement wrong . most of the characters in this film lack anything to hold on to . they play the part of cardboard cut outs being moved about in predictable and uninteresting ways . the story is very simple . it could be summed up in a few words , but i 'll hold back in case anyone reading does want to see this film . i had to fast forward the parts where jack showed us how to be an obnoxious eater . i 'd have to say that 70 % of this film revolved around cooking , eating , or getting ready to eat . quite frankly , i 'd rather not spend my time watching jack chew noisily with an open mouth . personally , i could have done without the footwear references and jokes that pepper the first half of the film too . outside of my own personal dementia , the film really lacked anything worth it 's time . there were countless scenes and camera shots that felt like it was dragging . when something happens , the reactions of the characters are vague and dry . best not to look this one up .
i have n't read a single imdb comment for this movie that mentions how the jewish character in this movie jumped up and down like a little baby as a gun is pointed in his face by a racist skinhead while the movie 's lead black character looked in sternness down the barrel of a gun . i do n't know how anyone could perceive this as a balanced account of university life . i agree universities are not bastions of tolerance like they are supposed to be and the title would be fitting if singleton did n't make his characters such broad caricatures . on the surface he tries to portray ice cube 's character as a bad guy , provoking remy to become a racist skinhead . but who graduates at the end in the movie 's redeeming epilogue ? it seems singleton points at white as either unable to empathize ( i did n't say sympathize ! ) with his fellow black student or only able to take the path of a racist skinhead . many people who have been bullied by people of another race do not turn to extreme bigotry . nor do women who have been raped immediately turn to lesbianism , which is portrayed more as a cult than a lifestyle . quite honestly what was the point ?
i do agree with everything calamine has said ! and i do n't always agree with people , but what calamine has said is very true , it is time for the girls to move on to better roles . i would like to see them succeed very much as they were a very inspirational pair growing up and i would like to see them grow as people , actresses and in their career as well as their personal life . so producers , please give the girls a chance to develop something that goes off the tangent a bit , move them into a new direction that recognises them individually and their talents in many facets . this movie that is being commented is not too bad , but as i have seen further on in their movies , their movies stay the same of typical plot and typography . when in rome is good for audiences of younger generation but the adults who were kids when the twins were babies want to follow the twins in their successes and so hence i think we adults would like to see them make movies of different kinds , maybe some that are like the sixth sense , the hour , chocolat , that sort of movie - not saying to have just serious movies for them , humour ones too yes , but rather see them in different roles to what they have been playing in their more recent movies like this one and new york minute . ( note : i am from australia so excuse my weird spelling like reognise with the s instead of z )
the best laurel and hardy shorts are filled to the brim with mishaps , accidents and destruction , mostly caused by stan , but with ollie receiving the bulk ( ! ) of the punishment -- see the great 'the music box ' ( 1933 ) or 'towed in a hole ' ( 1932 ) as some some classic examples . here , however , for some reason ( is it because it was based on a sketch by stan 's father ? ) the boys play it 'straight ' in a 'comedy ' built around jokes and supposedly funny situations . it does n't come off . it 's merely another third-rate tedious 30s comedy , heightened only by the personalities of stan and ollie who never really display any of their trademarked gestures ( ollie 's finger wiggling , stan 's blank stares , etc . ) or comic abilities . the film begins with them running from the police . since we never see or know why , it 's hard to believe or accept their fear of being caught , and thus hiding in colonel buckshot 's mansion . the premise for the 'humor ' , ollie passing himself off as the colonel and stan passing himself off as both the butler and the maid are never very engaging . they are not playing 'stan and ollie ' in this film . their parts could have been played by any of the pedestrian studio actors and it would be just as poor . stan could mime and make whatever he would do funny , but he does n't get the chance to do any of that here . he 's constrained by uttering too much dialog to 'move ' the plot , but none of it rises much above the silly . we are treated to endless third rate comedy chestnuts such as the running gag of not correctly pronouncing lord plumtree 's name , the `` call me a cab ! okay you 're a cab ! '' joke , cops losing their clothes and being seen in long johns , and a non-sequiter ending of stan and ollie as the two parts in a painfully obvious horse costume as they make their escape on a bicycle for two , and james finlayson is still doing his silent-era full body takes and keystone kop jumping jacks . stan and ollie do much better in a situation comedy in 'sons of the desert ' ( 1933 ) where we get to see them do what we love about them -- be themselves . in fact , 1932-34 seem to be their best years . since this film does not play to any of their strengths , why bother with it ? i have to give it a 3 .
this movie is just plain bad . it is n't even worth watching to make fun of it . the lunatic professor is just plain annoying . even suspending disbelief to allow for invisibility ( which i glady do for the sake of good bad movies ) and allowing for exceedingly stupid victims in a horror movie , this movie asks for even more than that . if you are looking for women 's locker room shower scenes , and random sexual encounters , get a porn , if you are looking for a good-bad movie , get something else . if you want to simply waste your time on an annoying bad movie , rent this .
will farmer ( lanter ) plays a computer game that simulates a terrorist attack , and ripley , the super government computer , designed to profile potential terrorists , tracks him because will borrowed ( by hacking ) some money from his next door neighbor 's bank account to pay for a class trip to play chess in philadelphia . the next door neighbor whose computer will was fixing , has relatives in the mid-east who thru their bank send money to the neighbor 's bank , and ripley sees a terrorist connection . ripley has the power to call up missile strikes . oh , oh ! this version of war games has a much faster pace and more aggressiveness than the war games movie in the early 1980s . well , the electronic industry has so much more to work with these days . makes sense . so the movie dazzles us with fantastic cgi on computer screens , and once joshua , the forerunner to ripley , is found operational , we are left with watching computer against computer and the humans are cringing , hoping , praying .sort of , oh-oh-ing , omg-ing , and more cringing hoping things will go their way . in other words we are now experiencing a made-for-tv type movie , and it 's oh hum time . go back to the 1980s and watch the original war games movie . it 's much better . but , we really have to ask ourselves : are we making computers too intelligent where one day , in time , they will rule us ? hmmm .. violence : yes . sex : no . nudity : no . language : no .
my spouse & i found this movie to be very schlocky . it started out good , but quickly got unbelievable & ridiculous . most of the acting was poor , with the exception of the little girl , abbie , who really was terrific . in addition , the dialog was predictable & lame - especially gideon , the angel 's . also , without giving away anything , when one of the characters has a tragedy , she almost appears nonchalant . at first we thought it was 'shock ' , but then we realized that it was just a terrible script . we love almost all of the hallmark movies & their heart-warming stories , but this movie does n't rise to the occasion of being one . there are so many great ones - do n't waste your time with this horrible movie .
watching this movie made me think constantly ; why are they making such a problem out of some broken brakes ? there are a million options to slow down the car ! in the movie speed the writers a least thought of a good reason why the car was n't able to stop ... there are n't many good things to say about this film ; all the usual narrative cliche 's make their appearance , the actors are very bad , the story is as leak as a sieve etc . that makes this movie a waste of time and money .
i am starting this review with a big giant spoiler about this film . do not read further ... here it comes , avert your eyes ! the main heroine , the girl who always survives in other slasher films , is murdered here . there , i just saved you 79 minutes of your life . this is one of those cheap movies that was thrown together in the middle of the slasher era of the '80 's . despite killing the heroine off , this is just substandard junk . both priests and college students get a bad rap here . they are pictured as oversexed , sociopathic morons who have way too many internal problems to deal with what looks like junior college campus life ... and the college students come off even worse . `` splatter university '' is just gunk to put in your vcr when you have nothing better to do , although i suggest watching your head cleaner tape , that would be more entertaining . this is rated ( r ) for strong physical violence , gore , profanity , very brief female nudity , and sexual references .
i love a good war film and i fall into the `` been there , done that '' category . so i would like to think my review is an accurate one ( imho ) . having just watched this film on dvd i can safely say that it was a pile of rubbish . there is no way i can recommend this film to you . it started off with me shouting at the tv saying `` you would n't do that '' etc ... but i soon realised that having a bit of job experience would be a hindrance so i chilled a bit . but on the opening scene when the trailer wheel fell off i got a nasty feeling that this film would be a predictable dud ... i was right . there simply was n't any logic to the eod scenes . i just know that the army team had some of the most patient insurgents ever at the other end of the command wire or remote trigger . so much so i was left scratching my head all the time . then just when you think you know where the story is going the guys in the humvee are off out on their own driving around the desert . one of the most valuable assets in theatre out on a jolly bumping into some sas wannabe contractors . the sniper scene was just so laughable . it just made no sense at all and made me want to switch off there and then . then for them to drag it out so long really did test my patience.it started with the `` contact right '' and went down hill fast . if you had a brit accent then you got shot but if you were part of the eod team then suddenly you were a great shot and saved the day . then just as you thought it was over it stretched on for an inexplicably long period without adding anything to the story at all . you are just left watching and asking why has n't it ended yet ? then we had the booze scene where they just hit each other for a laugh .. another scene where you just wanted it to end . it added nothing to the film . then just as my life seemed very dull the main star went outside the wire to hunt someone down . this most be the most ridiculous scene i have ever watched . it defied all logic and ability to write a good storyline ... it was senseless and awful . i still do n't understand why they wasted time on it . then to watch him just jog through the busy streets heading back to camp had me rolling on the floor with laughter . pure comedy : ) the sad fact is that this storyline is all over the show without really deciding what it wants to be . i thought it was going to be stupid illogical eod scenes but then it kept going off on tangents trying to be something different . but as hard as it tried it just bored me to death . all i wanted was for it to end . it was a messy compilation of stupid scenes mixed into a batch of stupid , senseless , action ( ish ) scenes . there is no way i can recommend this . maybe my work experience compromised the enjoyability but even the naive must realise this just does n't make sense . the only thing more stupid than this film is the artificially high imdb rating ... which must be the 24/7 work of the box office pr team who seem to use this website as a way of making everyone think it is good . sorry folks ... it just ai n't ! not recommended ... it will just bore you .
speaking solely as a movie , i did n't really liked it . not because there were no fx or because we had a single cabin as the scenario for the whole film , actually that was what kept me watching it . i did n't like it because the acting was shady , his `` friends '' are all happy and then they 're mad , but you have no idea why ; then they take distinct roles , one is the believer , other is the antagonist , but they never really make the point ! also , the lighting was terrible and i 'm just mentioning technical issues . in a few words , i thing the movie could have just had a `` ok i 'm outta here ! '' from some characters . like the lady who does n't want to hear his version of the bible . about the story itself , everyone is free to write about what they want , and the story is proof of some good writing and imagination . i credit the book author for that , hence , my 4/10 . so , in the end , hear the man 's story believe it or not , just do n't spend the whole time acting like you believe him and being shocked at what he says , and at the same time moving around and making jokes like you do n't believe him . coherence . thanks for reading ; )
this insipid mini operetta featuring a eddy-mcdonald prototype in a valentino scenario is so bad it becomes an endurance exercise after five minutes . it 's silly from the get go as this brevity opens two military men discussing the lack of manliness in the son of one of the officers . in under a minute he is packed off to morrocco where he lives a double life as the red shadow ; the leader of an arab tribe that would rather sing than fight . alexander gray and bernice clare possess fine light opera voices ( with little acting ability ) and there 's a decent bass in there as well but the acting is so haphazard scenes so ill prepared you get the feeling they are making things up as they go along . this two reeler was part of a larger stage production that lists six writers . with more room to spoof and warble the show may have had some entertainment values but this rushed quickie is little more than an insult to an audience waiting for the feature presentation .
what a snore-fest . of all the bits of nostalgia that hollywood has decided to remake and update , this is by far one of the most pointless . this was a totally pointless show in the first place , and we really do n't need a 'modern ' update . never mind the bigotry and sexism inherent in the system from the beginning , so many advances have been made , socially , since the show ran that the entire point of the show ( if it ever had one ) has been lost . also , what is the point of having a character named boss hogg if he 's not overweight ?
be warned : neither zeta-jones nor mcgregor plays the main part as the poster would have you believe . their roles are in fact minor . the film stumbles badly between exaggerated comedy and realistic drama , with neither being really engaging . especially i find it impossible to muster much sympathy for the main protagonist , not to mention his screwball friends and sex obsessed fiancé . the plot drags terribly , and i turned this one off after about 2/3 - unusual for me , as i like to finish what i start . the good acting and beautiful setting takes it from 1 to 2 stars . 2/10
i do n't know what i missed here , but i ca n't believe all these positive comments by so many people on this film . i thought it was silly , and a bit over the top . i did like the performances of gregg henry and michael rooker , however the others were just ... boring . now i like b movies , i really do , but this was a bit further down the alphabet for me . i saw someone compare the humor and horror in this to `` army of darkness '' and `` shaun of the dead '' , as well as `` on par with the re-animator '' . you must be joking . i did n't find this film funny , it tried , it did make an effort , ( possibly too much of an effort ) , but it failed in my opinion . by the time i was hit with the 3rd or 4th one-liner i was rolling my eyes and checking my watch . there were definitely homages made to several other films , which is always cool , kind of like an inside joke for us horror fans . but here it may have just been a lack of original thought . admittedly there were some nice special effects , good gore , but that ca n't carry an entire movie . the mutated grant looked like a cross between jabba the hut , and in the early stages of mutation- chet from `` weird science '' ( after he was turned into the monster ) and one of the alien creature/children from `` the explorers '' . it just did n't work . i thought it looked like something some kid from grade 5 art class could have designed . then there was brenda , the woman that grant impregnated and chained up in the barn . when help finally arrived she looked like a giant tick waiting to be popped . the design once again was totally unimaginative . a round flesh colored balloon with a face in the middle . * yawn * now about the zombies- the more movies i see with zombies in them these days the more i wish george a. romero had a patent on them and was the only writer/director allowed to make movies about them . he 's the only person so far to do it right , with the exception of edgar wright and simon pegg ( but that was a comedy ) . oh , and danny boyle , but they were a different style of zombie . maybe mr. romero has ruined any zombie film for me due to his ingenious ability to get his actors to moan , groan and shamble about as if their joints are dried up and lacking even a drop of synovial fluid , and their muscles are fighting the effects caused by rigor mortis that had started to set in right before they were re-animated . the people of `` wheelsy '' just did n't have the proper motivation ... they were horrible zombies . so in the end i give `` slither '' a 3 , for a couple of laughs and a few nice gore scenes .
from the blocky digitised footage to the acting that makes keanu `` i 'm so wooden i could be a plank me '' reeves look like an oscar winner this film bites ( pun not intended ) . the best thing about it is the box of eraticate in the 2nd segment ( which out of the three seemed to be the strongest piece in terms of storyline and 'twist ' ) . wish i 'd spent the £3.99 it cost me on something else , like erm .... natural born killers : directors cut . if you do buy this , you 're really in for a disappointment , do yourself a favour and avoid it like the plague . if you 're looking for something amateurish and with actors that are more wooden than a 2x4 then go ahead . however if you want some quality werewolf action look elsewhere , like dog soldiers , wolfen , romasanta : the werewolf hunt .
end of the world looks like a good movie on the box cover but be warned its bad.being a big fan of mega star actor christopher lee i was fooled . like tentacles ( 77 ) a good cast does not mean it 'll be a good film.the beginning looks promising then it turns to tedium , many parts of the movie are too dark to see whats going on.the rest of the cast is shown briefly like ; lew ayres , dean jagger , and macdonald carey as a security guard.i would expect better from charles band who made good fun movies like the re-animater and dolls.i heard christopher lee was tricked into making this film.he was told his co stars were going to be jose ferrer , john carridine , and dean jagger.well dean jagger is there but the other two never made it ( lucky them ) if you make a movie about the end of the world use a bigger budget and better storyline.dean jagger went on to do two good movies afterwards ; alligator ( 80 ) and game of death ( 79 ) sue lyon ( lolita ) is also in the movie minus her lollipop.if you are a glutton for punishment then watch end of the world i dare you to say awake during the whole movie.1 out of 10 .
we can start with the wooden acting but this film is a disaster . having grown up in ny i can tell you that this film is an insult to anyone who is familiar with the community or the people . i 'm not even a defender of the culture in any way and found this to be a hollywoodized piece of trash to fit its own fictional , ridiculous culture presentation and language that anyone who watches seinfeld knows is inaccurate . this is a colossal waste of time and , even worse , is not exactly interesting since the outcome is obvious and the scenes of confrontation are laughably bad . who acts this way ? nobody . the writer 's name sounds israeli or something of that nature but it is clear he does n't have a clue about the subject he is writing about . looking at his bio , it is shocking he lived in new york and wonder how much real connection he had with the community . even mediocre films like `` a stranger among us '' are better and more closer to the truth than this dreck . reading this guy 's credits it 's no wonder he has written scripts on all c grade films that somehow feature stars . shocking . perhaps he knows someone because this script is even below par for a bad dolph lundgren film .
i simply give this a three because it fulfilled what my buddies and i hoped it would do : entertain . i was n't stupid enough to rent this thinking it would be a zombie film up there with the likes of romero or fulci , but what i rented it for was a laugh . if you are looking for a film for amusement , or a film to make you shake your head in embarrassment , go for it . this is perfect for junior- `` mystery science theater '' fans , but the only downside is that it is so bad , it makes fun of itself . i , personally , think it is a shame to relate this to any other hollywood title that we may know , because when a film sucks like this , it has its own genre .
`` rival reporters pat morgan ( ginger rogers ) and ted rand ( lyle talbot ) are always trying to out-scoop each other on stories . the latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment . the two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead , '' according to the dvd sleeve 's synopsis . this said-to-be follow-up to `` the thirteenth guest '' has little to do with the earlier movie ; it is not a sequel , as has been inferred . ms. rogers continues to develop her skills . mr. talbot adds a little humor to his characterization . they are a pleasant team , the plot is interesting and mysterious ; but , the resulting film is very dull . the opening and closing are startling . a long-winded wrap-up of plot development points follows the climax . * * * a shriek in the night ( 1933 ) albert ray ~ ginger rogers , lyle talbot , harvey clark
i watched about 30 minutes into this film before i finally got sick of getting bludgeoned over the head with this movie . the soundtrack , the so-called 'plot ' , and each and every actor . it 's like they all think they 're the main part of the movie and scream `` notice me ! '' over and over again . the bad guy has his bad-guy music going on and says sinister bad-guy-like things , just in case you did n't quite catch on . the good guy does brave and noble things just in case you did n't know he was the good guy . and oh lord , the plane scene . `` my husband is missing ! oh my god ! it 's impossible that he got up to stretch his legs or go to the toilet or anything , he must be missing ! '' ( and yes , i know , his clothes were still there , but honestly , she woke up and started to panic before she even had time to look at the damn seat he 'd been in . ) as a religious girl , i want to apologize to the world for wasting the film this was printed on . and i want my 30 minutes back .
unfortunately the movie is more concerned with making lame social commentary on a real event , but doesnt have the balls to legitimately document what happened . the constant rhetoric of how violent video games are not to blame ( i get the impression ben coccio is an avid gamer ) , or how media and music is completely devoid of influence is the obvious message ( we even get a laughable scene of the two boys burning all their cd 's , talk about subtlety ! ) , but the movie only gets away with it because its 'fiction ' . nice try . yes its a great idea to relieve media of influence , but how do we know the kids that have actually planned and executed a school shooting werent influenced by media ? or video games ? we dont , and we wont with this movie because once again these kids are smart enough to completely relinquish the media , yet dumb enough to scorch a nazi symbol on the ground ? haha i somehow dont think so . the movie bats you over the head with its portrayal of the normalcy of the families , its almost doing a disservice to think that there was n't a serious flaw in the family dynamic of kids that have actually gone out and shot their fellow schoolmates . why is everyone so concerned with making killers seem `` normal '' , when they are so obviously not ? a completely false and phony depiction .
i 'm a fan of columbo , especially on a rainy saturday , and it was fun to see oskar werner after fahrenheit 451 , but this episode was very lacking . the original plot and plot twists were obvious and could be guessed way in advance , even years before the modern detective shows of today . but it was amusing to see the crazy couch patterns and `` modern '' electronics equipment and , of course , the mandatory suburbanite humor poking fun at modern art for sale . the high-tech home is a jetson 's or disney version of tomorrowland , and fun to think of writers inventing those `` way-out gizmos '' . if its sunny outside , go play , as there are much better columbo episodes . still , we should be thankful for cable tv that these episodes are being broadcast .
how hard is it to write a watchable film with vince vaughn , paul giamatti and kevin spacey ? apparently very difficult for the writers here . i still have no idea how santa is younger and looks 20 years older than vince ( who plays the big brother ) . i must have missed that part of the story but in reality , it really did n't matter . many scenes seemed out of place and contrived ; the kind of `` funny notion '' scenes that are drug out way too far to where any sense of comedy is lost . the director/producer tried to go `` tear jerker '' at the end , which would have been suitable if anything leading up that point had been worth following . ugh , major disappointment . i can see how some people might enjoy this ok , since many people will take any garbage they 're fed , but i would strongly encourage waiting for dvd on this one . not worth the $ 23,978 it takes to get your family to the movies these days .
this movie is a very poor attempt to make money using a classical theme . i used to love superman movies , but this one made me want to shoot myself . very poor acting , outrageous special effects , and a plot equal to zero . to summarize : superman leaves earth , because scientists discovered pieces of his home planet , some were in space ( duh ) , does n't tell his girlfriend anything before leaving ( duh again ) , takes off in a spaceship ( ? ! ? ) , comes back i think 5 years later , and look forward to hooking up with his girlfriend again ( who is now razing his son , which son , in my humble opinion is at least 7 years old ) . and what about that lex luthor ? trying to grow a new continent in order to sell land ? please ! ! i vote 1 out of 10 for this movie , only because i am not allowed to vote 0 . if you have anything else to do with your time , do n't go to see this movie , and even if you do n't have anything else to do , stay home and watch tv !
what a shame that alan clarke has to be associated with this tripe . that does n't rule it out however ; get a group of lads and some stellas together and have a whale of a time running this one again and again and rolling around on the floor in tears of laughter . great wasted night stuff . al hunter homes in on a well publicised theme of the late 80s- that hooligans were well organised and not really interested in the football itself- often with respectable jobs ( estate agent ? ? ? ) . but how clarke can convince us that any of the two-bit actors straying from other tv productions of low quality ( grange hill ) or soon to go on to poor quality drama ( eastenders ) can for a nanosecond make us believe that they are tough football thugs is laughable . are we really to believe that the icf ( on whom of course the drama is based ) would ever go to another town to fight with just six blokes ? the icf would crowd out tube stations and the like with hundreds . andy nicholls ' scally needs to be read before even contemplating a story of this nature . the acting is appalling and provides most of the laughs- oldman is so camp it is unbelievable . most of them look as though they should be in a bubble of bath of mr matey . a true inspiration to anyone with a digital video camera who thinks they can make a flick- go for it .
this film is exactly what you get when you really over stretch your abilities , it 's like someone who has just passed there driving test and then pitting them in a formula 1 grand prix ( not i might add , the us grand prix as everyone might pull out due to dodgy tyres and you might just win ) , that is how far short this film falls . now do n't take this the wrong way , i love b-movies , around half my collection is made of b-movies but i do n't think there are enough letters in the alphabet to describe how bad this film is . first of the story ( for a b-movie ) is n't that bad , it has potential there to make a b-movie brand , were not talking friday 13th potential , but potential none the less . but what really lets this film down is the acting , at not one second do i believe anything , it 's like watching qvc except the presenters on qvc tend to have a heavier tan . in summary i 'd like to say i 've seen worse films , but i ca n't .
another rape of history this movie is a catastrophe ; it just uses a historic story and makes a sweet love story , with bad acting and low budget production . the movie should be 1/3 the time , they just dragged the time to make a mini series . the battle scenes are so stupid and illogical , the solders log stupid , the costumes a catastrophe . the romans were good in fighting in opened areas , one of their armies was completely destroyed by the germans when they tried to fight in a forest , in this movie the romans choose to fight in side the city , i mean get real . and by the way cleopatra was from a macedonian origin , which means a light skinned person .
i 'm still trying to figure out if there was a point to this film . for content that 's supposed to be so 'rebellious ' and 'controversial ' the things that maddox distributes to the students are awfully lame . students seem to be easily swayed by vague anti-authoritarian sentiments and snippets of words illegibly scrawled onto leaflets . rebel , everybody . i suppose it would have been too much to ask to have a teenage rebellion film where a school fire alarm does n't get set off . apparently a 'huge fight up on the football fields ' is a fight that consists of two people . characters personalities seem to wildly vary at random . a football jock who maddox was fighting ( and who subsequently got a staple on the face ) is all smiles and apologies the next day . the fact that it does n't come to any real conclusion of the plot makes me feel that the whole thing could have been fitted into a half hour after school special . if they had cut most of the attempted pseudo-glitch soundtrack .
i watched the film recently and it poorly resembles the book is based on . i blame this on poor screenplay and direction . some parts were forcibly introduced ( the gay rape scene ) for no apparent reason . i actually read the book after watching the movie and some 20 years or so after reading it for the first time . i found it hard to read and somewhat clumsy . too many disparate ideas introduced for no benefit at all ... other than sensational parts for the time . as it covers stuff that was deemed 'sensitive ' , to say the least , during communism , i can see the fascination it produced at the time . that is n't the case anymore though or maybe i see things differently now or a bit of both . the film tries too much to cover many aspects from the book , the result being a concoction of scenes that may make some sense to someone who read the book . even so this is a film that is difficult to watch and maybe should have never been made .
a bad rip-off attempt on `` seven '' , complete with sub-second-grade acting , awful camera work , half-baked story and strong aftertaste of lame propaganda . yeah , them `` sex offenders '' , they live next door and you 're gon na get raped , really . no surprises from the vice-terminatrix woman , she acts as always -- as convincingly as a piece of wood . richard gere keeps on sliding lower and lower -- and is about as low here as a late steven seagal . the singer woman with the crazy eyes is best when she 's dead in bed ; and even the wolf was sub-par ( although she was the best performer in the movie ) -- maybe they fed her before the shots , or something . unlike `` seven '' , which had a ( made up , but interesting ) story , to which one could relate more or less regardless of the country , this movie seems to focus on a us-only obsession . if one does n't care much about `` sex offenders '' -- and the statistics are that lack of exercise and bad diet cause more pain , suffering and death -- there is little reason to see it , or to be afraid . there are some body part fetishes and some snuff , but the gore is less then mediocre , and fails both as artistic device ( because it is pointless ) and as gore , because it is not gory enough . do n't waste time on this one .
there are some things i can never understand . such as this movie . what if i were to create a really really cheap and crappy looking dino and crocodile polygon model in maya and then proceed to cut and paste that into an amateur video clip having people scream and getting eaten by the same thing ? how can anyone even believe that an utterly fake cgi dinocroc that looks completely out of place , would influence the events in this movie ? i know that its b-grade , low budget and all but the producers could do better than making a piece of crap that no one will ever seen see or sit through . it just does'nt make sense . are people really so stupid that they would sit through this ? apparently so . for laughs ? no , this thing is n't even worth laughing at .
a cinderella story made for adults who live in dreamland . the romance is very unrealistic , fluttery , lovey dovey , perfect etc . the cinderella plot till the very end and shahid kapoor is the only reason for my stars . if you 're looking for a dreamy romance with a twist , this is definitely you 're movie , but for the rest of us real world people , i 'd highly recommend saving your three hour watch time . wake up people ! four out of the five people that saw the film with me would not recommend the film . we had a great time bashing majority of the unrealistic scenes . maybe i 'm missing something .. i just ca n't believe a movie like this can beat a classic like hddcs ! !
slow , slow , slow ... there is no mystery or excitement in this film . if you do n't figure out who the `` mole '' is in the first ten minutes you must be brain dead . the secret service must have been too , because it took them the whole film to put it together . there are no compelling characters in the movie ( not film ) . the pace of the movie is slow there is no tension . the hired killer is an excellent shot unless he is aiming at michael douglas than all he seems to be able to hit is large panes of glass . the funniest scene in the movie is when the presidents wife says the code word at the anticlimactic ending . it is laugh out loud ridiculous . at least six people got up and left the movie early . i would have joined them if i were not sitting in the middle of the row . i would not recommend this film to anyone .
genghis cohn is a ( very ) mildly entertaining british movie about a german police commissioner in the late 1950 's who is haunted by the ghost of a jewish comedian that he killed 15 years earlier while serving under hitler in the ss . the ghost comes back and wants his killer to live as a jew to atone for the murders he committed . otto , the german policeman actually knows this ghost 's name because , the last thing he did before he died was said , in yiddish , ` kiss my ass ' . the policeman did n't speak yiddish , so he asked around until he found the meaning . the ` kiss my ass ' left such an impression that everybody involved with that killing learned and remembered the comedian 's name , genghis cohn . there are a bunch of men who are murdered in the jurisdiction of the police commissioner , and there are no helpful clues . the men are murdered with a set of knives that are missing from the local butcher . the butcher announces that his knives are missing while the commissioner is in the store to get a liver and onion sandwich , so the commissioner is a suspect . the first man is killed while making love to the butcher 's wife , so the butcher is a suspect . but the butcher maintains that he would be very busy if he killed every man that slept with his wife . all the men are killed immediately after the climax of lovemaking . i think i might be a bit angrier than the ghost of genghis cohn if i was killed like he was . he seems to be very good-natured about it , as if he was just in a mild car accident . i can only guess that it is because it is a british movie and they are known for being a very polite people . he uses some of his material from his stand-up routing , and i just did n't find it very funny . i gave this movie a 4 because it was just kind of goofy . i thought it should have been a little more serious than it was . the movie turns out to be a murder mystery ( where did this come from ? ) , and it seemed that genghis should have been more helpful than he was . the movie gave me a tiny look into jewish culture , but was only skin-deep . do all jews love liver and onion sandwiches ? do they all say ` shtoop ' and ` meshuganah ' in their daily vocabulary ? is n't there more important stuff that we should know about the culture ? i saw this movie at a jewish community center in berkeley , ca , and i was the only person in the room whose hair was not fully gray or white . ( i have no gray or white hair . ) there were 18 of us , and after the movie they stayed for about 20 minutes to discuss the movie . there were 2 main concerns expressed there : 1 . the movie was way too light-hearted and future generations might not understand the gravity of what happened and 2 . as the holocaust survivors are dying off , future generations will not know what really happened . i thought that this second concern was ridiculous and i told them i thought they did n't need to worry because there is tons of literature out there and there will always be people who like to watch movies , like myself . the murder of 6,000,000 people by a very bad man will not ever be forgotten . i write this last paragraph because they charged me with telling others about my experience that day .
this is a decent endeavor but the guy who wrote the screenplay seems to be a bit in the dark as to what exactly makes a zombie movie cool . no , it is n't cgi bugs and software companies . actually i 'm not sure whether it was a software company - i saw it without subtitles so i had to guess what they 're talking about . anyway my point was - instead of wasting your time animating some dumb-ass bug , why not throw in more zombies and more action . 2/3 of the 20 minutes consist of news bulletins , bugs , some guys yelling about something . and to makes matters worse ( more boring ) most of the deaths occur off-screen . i realize that 's all too common for no-budget movies , but then there were some very impressive effects ( well , kind-a of ) which left me wondering why did the director ( or screenwriter , whatever ) chose to focus on how the epidemic started - it 's a short , nobody 's gon na care anyway .
this movie has a few things going for it right off the bat . having dani filth as a lead actor is automatically going to make some people like this movie . admittedly , i love cradle of filth and listened to the soundtrack to this movie long before i watched it . dani filth is a very recognizable character and makes for a great lead . the independent filming style of the movie is great for the creepy factor . there are some gorgeous actresses in this movie . for being low budget , the special effects were n't bad either . the ways that people died were very creative and nightmarish . now on to the cons . there is very little talking throughout this whole movie , thus making for very little as far as character development . it 's hard to fear for the lives of limp , static characters . when there was a little talking , the f bomb was abundant , popping up in random places . yes , i understand people swear but it seems like a preteen boy scripted this and thought himself cool for including all the language . the storyline , what i could make out of it , was pretty good although many parts are left dangling and the lack of conversation leaves one often wondering what 's happening . in the end , cradle of fear is like a porno for people who love sex and violence , but like a porno trying to pull of a storyline , it just does n't work too well . rent it though , if you 're a morbid person looking to sate your blood and flesh appetite .
walerian borowczyks la bete ( 1975 ) was obviously received in different ways : some were appalled , some were shocked others applauded the courage . i however am completely untouched , bored and can not stop asking myself why the display of incoherent , inconsistent images which vaguely orbit around a central theme are considered an intellectual journey . what was this movie actually about ? growing sexuality in a woman ? i 've seen great films on this subject , but this is not one of them . how can one attempt to portray a growing sexuality in a girl without at least trying to characterize her as a person not only as a narrative device to dream ( in the nude ) of beasts . where there are no characters , there is no character study . the woman persecuted by the beast was not adolescent , the girl having sex with the black butler ( is he also characterized as a beast ? ) has a very grown up attitude to sexuality , so where is the consistency ? is it a movie about religion ? if yes we would need a bit more thematic material than a priest without function , character and charisma , but with a strong desire towards two young boys . is it about bestiality ? the metaphoric feel of the movie forbids any realistic examination of bestiality , especially as realistic examination requires realistic characters . so no real bestiality here . some mythic beast and two priests talking to each other about the sin of bestiality . enough for a college essay on the topic ? i do n't think so . is it about sex ? is it about anything ? i do n't know . i only know that showing a fired gun does n't make a film a war movie . dealing with a topic must mean more than displaying its own associations with the theme . so look across the controversy . do n't be scared by the bestiality , nudity , ejaculations , masturbation and stuff . i am not . look at it as you look at any other story and you might discover that this is a poorly made , poorly edited , poorly acted , really poorly written ( okay , some pictures are quite nice , and the main character is a really good looking girl ) cerebral masturbation of a director who thinks beating around the bush in a hypnotic slow manner will make a story intelligent . it does n't . it makes it boring .
if this series supposed to be an improvement over batman - the animated series , i , for one , think it failed terribly . the character drawing is lousy ... ( catwoman , for instance , looks awful ... ) but what really annoyed me is that it made batman look like a sort of wimp who just ca n't take care of himself in a battle , without the help of two , even three sidekicks . i mean , he 's batman , for god 's sake ! i know the comic books , i know that nightwing and batgirl are supposed to be batman 's allies , besides robin , but still ... making batman say that he needs help from them ... what , he ca n't handle a few punches ? in btas , he could face a dozen adversaries without any problem ... he 's getting old ? come on ... and another thing : i really do n't think that batman would allow a kid like tim drake to go into battle that soon , without years of hard training . one , it 's irresponsible ( and batman is everything , but irresponsible ) , and two , it 's not what happened in the comics , if we are to remain faithful to them . batman - the animated series made history , with its animation , its stories and its characters ... that really was a legend of batman . the new adventures series turned the legend into just another batman flick .
soon after watching this film you will realize why it did n't even make it to the theaters ! this movie does not deserve the `` prequel '' tag . instead this is a common theme in hollywood , rip off previously good movies with disastrous prequels , sequels , etc . this film 's plot was bouncing all over the place like a ping pong ball , and the character development was non-existent . i seriously felt like i was watching a comedy at some points in the movie because the acting was so bad . p diddy needs to stop tainting movies with his horrible acting , he actually made me laugh every time . the only good thing that comes out of this movie is jaclyn desantis , who looks excellent in this movie and actually brought some enjoyment from watching this film . if you are a big carlito 's way fan , i recommend you not watch this . if you decide to watch it anyway then treat this movie as if it ripped off the original , because that is exactly what it did .
what made the french connection work so well was the relationship between doyle ( hackman ) and russo ( scheider ) . in this catastrophe directed by frankenheimer ( who also brought us such gems as raindeer games and the island of dr. moreau ) the movie focuses on doyle and his singular obsession of capturing charnier ( rey ) . the fictitious idea that the nypd would allow doyle to travel to marseilles to find charnier with the help of the french local authorities is laugh out loud funny . correct me if i 'm wrong , but did n't charnier skip town with 65 pounds of pure smack ! ! ! a street value of 32 million but yeah , let 's send doyle to find this guy , it was his pinch after all . please ! ! ! the story was weak . the acting was terrible ( with the lone exception of hackman , who completely overplayed his part ) . the direction was all over the place . even the cuts between scenes were terrible . do yourself a favor and watch the first installment twice and skip this one .
the plot of the thinner is decidedly thin . and gross . an obese lawyer drives over the gypsy woman , and the gypsy curse causes him to lose and lose weight ... to the bone . ok , gypsy curses should be entertaining , but the weight-losing gone bad ? nope . except stephen king thinks so . and michael mcdowell , other horror author and the screenwriter of this abysmal film , does so , too . the lawyer is not only criminally irresponsible , he is fat too , haha ! the thinner is like an immature piece of crap for a person who moans how he/she has never seen anything so disgusting than fatness . hey , i can only say : well , look at the mirror .
you know all those letters to `` father christmas '' and `` jesus '' that are sent every year ? well , it turns out that they are not actually delivered but dropped off in a half-forgotten corner of the post office to rot unless some bright spark figures out a way of posting them . as bizarre settings go , it 's a winner and one which perfectly fits the strange movie that is `` dead letter office '' . having said that , this is obviously an australian film as opposed to a british one . if it was royal mail , most letters get this sort of treatment anyway . i have n't been in this flat for two years and we 're still getting letters for a mr wang , some female priest of the church of latter day i've-never-heard-of-you and various catalogues for industrial equipment addressed to a plumbing company . `` dead letter office '' ( the name given to the place where undeliverable mail ends up ) follows the story of alice ( miranda otto ) who grows up in a seriously divided home . writing to her absent father , she only learns in adulthood that her letters have n't been delivered for one reason or another . so , logically , she gets a job at the d.l.o . and finds herself working alongside other social rejects including the brooding chilean immigrant frank lopez ( george del hoyo ) . slowly , she finds herself drawn to him but can she find out where her dad is without bringing the self-contained world of the dead letters office to its knees ? nothing against this film but i was reminded of the god-awful heather graham film `` committed '' while watching this . however , this is so much better than that pile of horse crap but then again , that ai n't difficult . for a start , this film is much more logical . true , the metaphors are somewhat blatant and the underflowing symbolism quickly becomes a flood . but at least this is cohesive and quirky without being complete drivel . it is also well acted . both otto and del hoyo are very good as the lovers looking for something they know they 'll never find while other characters are peripheral at best . part of the trouble is that it seems to wrap up far too quickly , leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed . the other part is that when you consider australia 's draconian immigration policy ( i.e . if you do n't speak english , rack off ! ) , such a story is unlikely to take place in reality . the other characters , sadly , also help to destabilise the realism by proving to be little more than odd-ball stereotypes . despite that , `` dead letter office '' is certainly something a little different . it might not be to everyone 's taste but i liked it . yes , it was hackneyed and predictable but sometimes , it 's nice to watch a film without guns or violence or heavy-duty swearing and nudity ( no chance of that in an australian film ) . there ai n't any major laughs , there 's no bullet time and the characters are usually one-dimensional . but it 's the story that counts here and while it 's not earth-shattering in its magnificence , it 's a pleasant enough way of passing the time . it 's the movie equivalent of a sheryl crow cd - nice to listen to now and again but you would n't really miss it if it was n't there .
unless the title is supposed to be some kind of spoiler for the wife 's transformation ( the fiends ! ruining it for us ) . anycase , if this movie was n't made-for-tv , it should have been , it 's so remarkably low-budget , underscripted , underacted , and hits every 70 's cliche except disco . nobody is likeable , and you could careless what happens to anyone in this one . eminently forgetable except for the bad , bad performances .
first , this film is not a `` thriller . '' neither is it `` gripping , taut . '' it might have been so based on the script , but the direction 's slow pace makes it difficult to get into . the plot itself is very interesting and ingenious . unfortunately , we only get a sense of * how * ingenious after the picture is over . that leaves us with over two hours of long sequences with music playing over them punctuated by some action scenes that do n't grab the viewer , and `` cunning vixen '' scenes that inject a little more overt intelligence . i wish this had been the fast-paced thriller the box promised . it would 've been an outstanding film . instead , spike lee made it plod along through the end .
this was an absolutely terrible movie . do n't be lured in by christopher walken or michael ironside . both are great actors , but this must simply be their worst role in history . even their great acting could not redeem this movie 's ridiculous storyline . this movie is an early nineties us propaganda piece . the most pathetic scenes were those when the columbian rebels were making their cases for revolutions . maria conchita alonso appeared phony , and her pseudo-love affair with walken was nothing but a pathetic emotional plug in a movie that was devoid of any real meaning . i am disappointed that there are movies like this , ruining actor 's like christopher walken 's good name . i could barely sit through it .
cash ( now played by khrystyne haje in for angelina jolie ) has wandered to a post apocalypse wasteland ( after her protector has died from old age , said protector was played by elias koteas , an actual decent actor ) and now she finds that people wander through the rubble looking for cyborgs to trade for scrap metal and cash . she leads a group of burned out cyborgs ( that includes william katt , evan lurie and a human scientist played by zach galligan ) against bounty hunter richard lynch . malcolm mcdowell has two minutes of screen time as lynch 's employer . cyborg 3 does manage to be better than the other two entries but it still is a largely dull feature . the problem this time is that the ideas with potential are never used well , the action sequences are routine and the name cast such as mcdowell , katt and galligan are given little to do . haje is indeed a whiny heroine and lynch is too over the top ( as usual ) and the film lacks the inspiration or ambition to be as fun-bad as it 's hilarious predecessor . ( the one with van damme , the second one is just dull . ) also disappointing is the science fiction angle which almost aggressively resists any good idea it has . as an action flick this is routine and by the numbers b-movie stuff and it is competently made , that 's the only thing positive i can say about it . * 1/2 out of 4- ( poor )
never see this movie . it tries to be a spoof on scifi/thriller films of the 1950s and 1960s but all it succedes at is making you wish really badly that you were watching one of them and not it . it is very lame . a spoof has to have some aspect which has some above par quality to it . this movie does not have any such aspect . save yourself . it 's too late for me but ... just do n't watch it .
this was n't the major disaster that i was expecting , but that is about as positive as i can be in my description of the movie . i 'm not sure what was meant to be funny about this movie , but i suppose it 's all a matter of taste . personally , i do n't find it funny to watch morons living their idiotic lives or making fools of themselves on television , but then again , i 'm not a fan of jerry springer 's pathetic daytime talk show . i did n't get too bored watching this , but i was definitely never enjoying it , either . if you 're in the mood to see a bad movie , but one that is n't too painful to sit through , this is a good choice .
generally i like horror movies , but unfortunately this fell out of the one pound bargain bin into my friends hand . we sat down to watch it , ready to be scared and ended up spraying food everywhere we were laughing so much . the concept is n't that bad , but why they decided number ten in the series would be lucky i do n't know . the worst thing about the movie is the actors . the camera work was poor , the special effects are actually not bad if i am being generous , but overall the story failed to connect on any levels because the actors were as effective as a small lump of badly charred elm . they were wooden beyond measure , especially a foppish young actor who was fifteen years too young to be taken seriously as any kind of government agent . he looked more like a public school boy in fact . there was a really amusing sex scene where he looked like he was bobbing for apples as a busty lady rode on top of him and later his nappy sized underpants were hysterical , but then i remembered it was n't supposed to be a comedy . i 'm desperately wracking my brain to find something positive to say about this movie apart from the occasional flash of breasts , but there simply is n't . let 's hope ten was the lucky number and they do n't do another one , i 'm not sure my ribs could take it .
this movie has richard pryor , rosey grier and others . it 's a curious ww2 movie , and serves as a statement about racism . it is worth watching to understand the fact that movies reflect how we feel about the issues when they are produced and not about the period of time they portray . meaning this is a 70 's movie not a 40 's movie ( ww2 ) . still , there is some good action scenes of 7 seven black men led by a white captain trying to capture a dam . the story centers on the captain learning that these men are soldiers and not just a service company . there is a scene that could be from a civil war movie and not a ww2 movie that reflects what the movie is all about . the black lt. gives a german women a innocent peck on the cheek , and the white capt becomes upset . i enjoyed the movie from a curiosity stand point since the stars and the genre were interesting to me .
after the superb aankhen ( 2002 ) which was a remake of a gujarati play he comes with waqt which too looks like a stage play in stage plays , we have characters shouting , overacting here too the same the first half shows amitabh almost kidding the 40+ akshay kumar who acts too funny like a small nerd the film has a good message how not to spoil your son but sadly the way amitabh wants to make akki responsible is absolutely fake even his reason for hiding his sickness , his runnign from the hospital and the melodramatic speech by akki is a put off some emotions do touch you but most are too over the top rajpal 's comedy is hilarious but too stretched in second half direction by vipul shah is too overdone though some scenes are good music is okay amongst actors amitabh overdoes it in the first half but is superb in emotional scenes akshay kumar too does his part well but looks umcomfortable in some too weepy scenes his chemistry with bachchan is matchless rajpal is a highlight , he makes you laugh without overacting and just his presence and his dumb behaviour and deadpan humour he is a riot boman is good in some comic parts but too loud at places priyanka is the heroine so nothing to do , this is her last film with akki so far shefali is awesome though she looks too young for bachchan
one of the lamer wedding movies you 'll see . smacks too too much of its time period so it was out of date before it hit the theaters . the ethnic stereotypes are like a henny youngman joke , except they just aint in the least bit funny here . molly ringwald , well what else needs to be said . give you a clue to the silliness , she destroys a $ 10,000 wedding dress , because `` it just wo n't be me '' makes it into this rag , with straps and puts on a top hat , and everyone smiles cutely at her moxy , rather than ringwalding her neck . its a helluva a cast too , check out how heavy ally sheedy is . wheeeew !
personally i think this show looks pretty cheaply made . some of the actors are terrible . they over do it & seem fake . i can always tell how it 's going to end within the first 10 minutes or less of watching because they make it so transparently clear . it 's not very well written either . i love to watch it to laugh at it . you know the saying `` it 's so bad that it 's good ? '' well , that saying applies to this show . i also like to watch just to see if i 'm right when i guess how it 's all going to end . so far i 've been right every time . it 's like a little game that i play . it 's nice when you are bored & you feel like laughing at something .
i went to a screening of this movie and while it had a couple moments that made me laugh , it had some very major flaws . it first of all presents itself to be the humorous exploits of a real-life divorcee trying to find love in la . what it morphs into is a depressing , narcissistic , and unfunny romp through the history of the film director 's love life and professional life . jokes wear thin quickly and you find yourself suddenly not caring how this man 's dates progress . the ridiculousness is that the director simultaneously presents himself as an extremely annoying and heavily flawed character and then expects us to be concerned .
in his brief 40 years on earth , author jack london managed to cram as much adventure and incident as would seem possible . this 90-minute film , purportedly a biography of the man 's life but patently fictionalized , does n't even scratch the surface , and remains a story very ripe for a modern-day retelling . here , michael o'shea , in one of his first roles , portrays london , and his performance is both rugged and sympathetic . he is not the problem here . nor is a young and very beautiful susan hayward , playing his future wife , charmian , whose biography on london is the `` basis '' for this film . london 's life has here been broken down into a series of episodes , which the film skips lightly through . so we have brief incidents with london as an oyster pirate , a sealer in the bering sea , a gold prospector in the yukon and a correspondent during the russo-japanese war ... colorful events , for sure , but hardly given anything like in-depth treatment . and alfred santell 's direction ( he also directed one of susan 's first films , `` our leading citizen , '' in 1939 ) is lackadaisical at best . making things rougher here is a very poor-quality dvd , with a crummy-looking print source and hissy sound . perhaps the best thing about this movie rental , for me , was one of the dvd 's extras : a catalog of all the alpha video films , featuring hundreds and hundreds of full-color movie posters . let 's just hope that these films are in better shape than `` jack london '' !
another big star cast , another glamour 's set , another reputed director , another flick filled with songs that 's topping the chart buster , but alas what 's missing at the day end is a story that every moviegoer expects of from such a big budget motion picture . so much hype is what that was lurking around the movie before it 's ' red carpet premiere . a hype which went to an extent where anil kapoor envisages that the movie would be one of the finest love stories ever made after dilwale dulhaniya le jayenge . well anilji , which movie were you speaking of ? well the plot of the movie is about 6 different couples and 12 different people , who have a total different stance towards life , but despite their different approach towards life they all have one common problem , that 's love . well indeed a luring theme . but little did we expect that the movie would be such boredom that it will let down the last expectation the audience would have from such a multistarrer movie . these are kinda movies which i totally abhor because after spending a hefty buck for a multiplex ticket i get locked in the theatre for 4 hours just waiting in agony for the climax . the trouble begins right from the start . the director gets so confused with the plot that somewhere even he gets baffled as to how to share the time slot to six different star casts . some of the couples like anil kapoor-juhi and sohail khan- ( whoever the female is opposite to him ) just does n't make any sense for their existence in the movie . salman ( who calls himself rahul in a weird manner for the entire movie . well something like rahoooooool ) again as usual tries to be extra cool with his videsi kinda hindi accent . hey sallu bhai , now that aish is getting married , at least go get some tip from abhishek to improve your acting abilities . a simple striptease would n't make the movie a box office hit every time . and anilji stop shaving your trade mark beard or you look totally like a eunuch . and smooching a girl of your daughters ' age just looks as uncool as watching jack nicholson in a romantic movie . and please nikhilji avoid putting such superfluous scenes in a movie that is totally not needed for the shot . the other bigger flaw in the movie was that there was n't any perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples . every story itself looks as if it is taken from different flicks , put together to form a sadistic plot of salaam-e-ishq . bollywood still has to learn a lot from movies like snatch , memento where the director knows the perfect art of threading the different unrelated sequences to form a perfect blended storyline . somewhere while i was evaluating the pre-release movie reviews someone predicted that the movie would n't do good because the title of this movie adds up to the number 28 , and 28 is considered a bad number in numerology . but i totally take my stand by saying the movie will fail not coz of its numerology defects , but because of the myriads of flaw that persisted in the movie . and when director like nikhil advani can make such major blunders in the entire storyline of the movie , any wonder would n't have saved the movie from bombing at the box office . my suggestion for all you guys is , please avoid watching this movie at any cost . it is n't worth a pie that you pay for the ticket . there indeed are better movies on theater screens currently which are worth watching more than salaam-e-ishq .
i watched this movie for a project on love . please tell nicolas cage to learn what it would feel like to be his character , and then re-read the lines he 's saying . my life can not go on ... i accidentally cut off my own hand ... my brother was close by . obviously his fault . and since when have happy endings included the nice guy who takes care of mom sad and alone . no closure , bad script , and does n't have enough extension of minor characters . save yourself , unless your up for a good laugh . costumes were done appropriately , and extras did a fabulous job . i 'm sure it would have been a fun movie to make , but keep it more genre specific , i ca n't recommend this movie to anyone i know , because it is not an intellectual movie . it is not a chick flick . it is not a strict romantic . and i ca n't show kids because of the sex and questions to follow . all in all , just not a good flick .
first of all , really kim basinger ? your rich banker husband leaves you alone in your beautiful , most likely paid in cash for home , and you ca n't even put on a decent shirt ? i 'm a woman , and yes , i 'm going to come right out say it -- clean something , starting with your hair . and while you 're at it , it 's christmas eve . buy your kids some presents ... or at least a christmas tree . do n't drive 40 minutes to the crowded mall , park your car 3 miles away and cry about it the whole walk in , and simply buy wrapping paper . also , the next time you decide to leave someone a nasty note , do n't sign your name . i refuse to feel sorry for della . obviously , due to the fact that kim basinger is this masterpiece 's executive producer , she wants you to feel bad for the poor white blond woman . we get it . alec baldwin is a jerk , but seriously , do n't model horrible films after your own life . also , you 're in you 50s . you definitely would n't have 8 year old twins . and those names ? terry and tammy . way to let your kids grow up with any decent chance of ever respecting themselves . it 's also pretty fantastic to hear the characters in the film constantly call her beautiful or refer to her as a `` girl '' ... obviously ms. basinger had some say about what goes in the script . it 's also pretty awesome how none of the criminals can fight back . apparently , della 's magical ninja skills are impossible to beat . her driving skills are pretty nifty too . this film is so cliché , it hurts . wahhhhh ! they spelled your name wrong on the tea cup . or your husband put a hole in the wall but all you can think about is buying nail polish when you 're at the mall instead of maybe some plaster and paint . or the woman you went to high school with bought the teddy you were looking at . boohooo ! the fact that she refuses to take off that bright trench coat while running through the woods screaming and breaking everything in her path proves my point -- this woman is a moron . who thinks to grab the toolbox out of the car , but not their purse , full of identifying artifacts such as your address . i have never wanted the `` bad guys '' to succeed as much as when i watched this film . and did anyone else happen to catch the `` african american '' shirt the black guy was sporting ? oh yes , rewind and feast your eyes on perhaps the most racially stereotypical prop in a film yet . do n't waste and hour and twenty minutes of your life . instead , go do what della could n't figure out how to do ... take care of your kids , and maybe brush your hair . that powerful ballad at the end though was pretty impressive . singing `` i 'll be home for christmas '' in the rain while your bloody arm clings oh so tightly to your wrapping paper is about as emotional as it gets . thanks della !
i 'm easily entertained . i enjoyed `` hot shots '' and `` the naked gun '' and their many sequels , even when most people found them unbearable . i 've even managed to enjoy most pauly shore movies . there is only one movie that i 've seen that i can honestly say was bad ... and this was it . it 's been a while since i 've seen it , but i do remember sitting in the theater thinking , `` this is a dumb movie . why did i see this ? '' it 's honestly the only movie that i can not recommend .
`` do n't drink the water '' is an unbelievably bad film . it 's based on a 1966 broadway play by woody allen . it stars jackie gleason , the comic genius behind `` the honeymooners '' . the director , howard morris , has appeared in several mel brooks comedies ( life stinks , high anxiety , silent movie ) and has made a mark in animation ( characters he has voiced include gopher from `` pooh '' , jughead ( archie ) and beetle bailey ) what went wrong ? i think the problem is that the premise is played out too seriously to work effectively . allen 's original play was tongue-in-cheek , which is why it worked on broadway and in allen 's 1994 remake . the screenplay by r.s . allen and harvey bullock beats the premise to death and makes too many changes from the original play . making gleason 's wife an airhead in this version when she was a headstrong woman in the original is just one example of why this does n't work . the acting is n't much better . gleason does the best he can with the material , but he ca n't save this . gleason was a comic genius , but also a fine actor as he demonstrated in `` the hustler '' and `` soldier in the rain '' . his abrasive personality could have worked here , but the lousy script does n't even give him a chance . too bad . estelle parsons ' airhead wife will drive you nuts after 20 minutes . see how soon it 'll take for you to want to strangle her . that is also a shame because she is also a fine actress , having turned in two exceptional performances in `` bonnie and clyde '' and `` rachel , rachel '' none of the other actors do particularly well either . woody allen hated this film so much that he remade the film in 1994 with himself and julie kavner ( marge simpson ) in the leads . they manage to hit all the right notes and the film itself is a comic masterpiece . it 's finally on video after a long battle over rights . do go out and find that version . all the 1969 original is good for is clearing out unwanted guests who overstay their welcome . 1/2 * out of 4 stars
problem child is one of the worst movies i have seen in the last decade ! this is a bad movie about a savage boy adopted by two parents , but he gets into trouble later . that junior can drive grandpa 's car . he can scare people with a bear . he can put a room on fire ! it is a bad movie as much as battlefield earth . a sequel is an even worse fate . rent chicken run instead . * 1/2 out of * * * * i give it .
this film story is bad enough , which can happen in real life . i 'm very can not understand when they show us this bad film . i say it was bad because there is some reason . 1. if madonna was rich and can do everything she want , then why she falling in love with that bad man . 2 . how can the story script is so weak ? she was so rich , can do everything she want , but not dare to divorce her husband that is very impossible . the words i love you , it does n't meant anything in this film .